#0:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然灾害的威胁越来越大，”他说。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural disasters,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然灾害的威胁越来越大。”。
--TN--
#1:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural hazards,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，如自然灾害的威胁越来越大。”。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临着挑战，例如日益严重的威胁。”。
--TN--
#2:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural resources," he said.
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然资源的威胁越来越大，”他说。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural resources,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然资源的威胁日益严重。”。
--TN--
#3:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and how with the money at the university students how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事是最值得纪念的：乘坐直升机的经历，以及大学生如何用他们的钱在中国组织婚礼。”。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and how with the money at the university students they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事是最值得纪念的：乘坐直升机的经历，以及在中国，大学生们如何用他们的钱组织婚礼。”。
--TN--
#4:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼。”。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们在中国组织婚礼的事。”。
--TN--
#5:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the woman at the hotel they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事是最令人难忘的：乘坐直升飞机和在中国举办婚礼的酒店与一位女士交谈。”。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the woman they organize weddings here in China," he said.
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事是最值得纪念的：乘坐直升机和与在中国组织婚礼的女性交谈。”。
--TN--
#6:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a good sense," he said.
他说：“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而给人们一种良好的感觉。”。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention, thus giving people a good sense," he said.
他说：“政府将进一步加强防灾的第一道防线，从而给人们一种良好的感觉。”。
--FP--
--3--
#7:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a stronger sense of security and security," he said.
他说：“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而增强人们的安全感。”。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a stronger sense," he said.
他说：“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而增强人们的意识。”。
--TN--
#8:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and response, thus giving people a stronger name," he said.
他说：“政府将进一步加强防灾救灾的第一道防线，从而给人们一个更强大的名字。”。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention, thus giving people a stronger name," he said.
“政府将进一步加强防灾的第一道防线，从而给人们一个更强大的名字，”他说。
--FN--
#9:
"You can not help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in it?"
“你不禁要问：在这个承受了如此多痛苦和眼泪的城市里，怎么会发生如此荒谬的事件？”
"You can not help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears?"
“你不禁要问：在这个承受着如此多痛苦和眼泪的城市里，怎么会发生如此荒谬的事件？”
--TN--
#10:
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上，杨建华都会早起巡逻西山的茶园。西山是一个被江苏省太湖波光粼粼的湖水环绕的岛屿。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上，杨建华都会早起巡逻西山的茶园。西山是江苏省一个被波光粼粼的海水包围的岛屿。
--TN--
#11:
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above,.
截至周三，中国已为近89.7%的人口和84.5%的60岁及以上人群接种了疫苗，。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent,.
截至周三，中国已为近89.7%的人口和84.5%的人口接种了疫苗，。
--TN--
#12:
Biden's visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted.
拜登去年上任以来首次访问该地区，包括参加吉达安全与发展峰会。
Biden's visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation.
拜登对该地区的访问——这是他去年上任以来的首次访问——包括他的参与。
--TN--
#13:
Despite the more progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in managing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了更多的进展，但一位专家呼吁，考虑到中国在管理碳排放方面的成本相对较低，中国应该更加努力地采取重大气候行动。
Despite the more progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了更多的进展，但一位专家呼吁，考虑到其相对较低的成本，中国应该为重大气候行动做出更大的努力。
--FP--
--2--
#14:
Despite the most progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, despite its comparatively low cost in managing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了最大的进步，但一位专家呼吁，尽管中国在管理碳排放方面的成本相对较低，但仍应为重大气候行动做出更大的努力。
Despite the most progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, despite its comparatively low cost.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了最大的进展，但一位专家呼吁，尽管其成本相对较低，但仍应为重大气候行动做出更大的努力。
--TN--
#15:
Exports to these countries increased by 11.1 percent, while imports rose, the data shows.
数据显示，对这些国家的出口增长了11.1%，而进口增长了。
Exports to these countries increased by 11.1 percent,, the data shows.
数据显示，对这些国家的出口增长了11.1%。
--TN--
#16:
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from lower levels.
三年来，年轻的党员从城市和较低的层次转移到农村。
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and.
三年来，年轻党员从城市和城市搬到了农村。
--TN--
#17:
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from mt.
三年来，年轻的党员们都从山上搬到了村子里。
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages.
三年来，年轻的党员都搬到了农村。
--FN--
#18:
For two years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from different levels of life.
两年来，年轻的党员从城市和不同生活水平的地方搬到了农村。
For two years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from different levels.
两年来，年轻党员从城市和不同层次搬到了农村。
--TN--
#19:
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job of one country, may also be circulated.
他强调，打击知识产权侵权不是一个国家的工作，也可能被传播。
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job, may also be circulated.
他强调，打击知识产权侵权不是一项工作，也可能会被传阅。
--FN--
#20:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, allowing environmental authorities of different levels to offer support, he said.
他说，今年6月，环保部发布了一份关于更好地为建设项目服务环境影响评估的通知，允许各级环保部门提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, allowing environmental authorities of different levels to offer support.
6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为建设项目服务环境影响评估的通知，允许各级环境主管部门提供支持。
--TN--
#21:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, asking environmental authorities of different levels to offer support, he said.
他说，今年6月，环保部发布了一份关于更好地为建设项目服务环境影响评估的通知，要求各级环保部门提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, asking environmental authorities of different levels to offer support.
6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为建设项目服务环境影响评估的通知，要求各级环境主管部门提供支持。
--TN--
#22:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects, urging public authorities to offer support.
6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为重大项目提供环境影响评估的通知，敦促公共当局提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects.
6月，该部发布了关于更好地为重大项目服务环境影响评估的通知。
--FP--
--2--
#23:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
在此后的五年中，该村已经赚了1800多万元，利润超过150万元，使年收入增加了约1000元。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase.
在此后的五年中，该村已经赚了1800多万元，利润超过150万元，使年收入增加。
--TN--
#24:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in hand, causing annual incomes to increase.
在此后的五年中，该村赚了1800多万元，利润在握，使年收入增加。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits, causing annual incomes to increase.
在此后的五年中，该村实现了1800多万元的利润，使年收入增加。
--TN--
#25:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with support in excess, causing annual incomes to increase.
在此后的五年中，该村收入超过1800万元，支持力度过大，导致年收入增加。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with support, causing annual incomes to increase.
在此后的五年中，该村在支持下赚了1800多万元，使年收入增加。
--TN--
#26:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular activities for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是男孩们最受欢迎的活动之一，但学生溺水事件经常在午休时间听到。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular activities for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是男孩们最受欢迎的活动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--FP--
--2--
#27:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是学生们最喜爱的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常在午休时间发生。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是学生们最喜爱的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TP--
#28:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TN--
#29:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during class breaks.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是学生们最喜爱的运动之一，但学生溺水事件在课间休息时经常被听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是学生们最喜爱的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TP--
#30:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常在午休时间发生。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TP--
#31:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer nights.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是男孩最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常在夏夜发生。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是男孩们最喜爱的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TP--
#32:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件在暑假期间经常被听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--FP--
--2--
#33:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer days.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件在夏天时经常被听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--FP--
--2--
#34:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏天，游泳无疑是其中之一，但学生溺水事件却屡见不鲜。
--TN--
#35:
On the "strong" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的“强有力的”双边合作，伊朗总统说，这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”
On the "strong" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的“强有力的”双边合作，伊朗总统说，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#36:
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against corruption in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于叙利亚反腐败斗争中的“成功”双边合作，伊朗总统说，这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against corruption in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于叙利亚反腐败斗争中的“成功”双边合作，伊朗总统说，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#37:
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian government said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中的“成功”双边合作，伊朗政府表示，此类合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian government said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中的“成功”双边合作，伊朗政府表示，此类合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#38:
On the "successful" bilateral partnerships in the fight against terrorism in which, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于打击恐怖主义的“成功”双边伙伴关系，伊朗总统说，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
On the "successful" bilateral partnerships in the fight against terrorism in which such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability.
关于打击恐怖主义的“成功”双边伙伴关系，在这种伙伴关系中，这种合作为改善区域安全与稳定奠定了基础。
--TN--
#39:
Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns over debt risks.
东方证券（Orient Securities）首席经济学家邵宇表示，外国持有的美国国债不断减少，表明投资者对债务风险的担忧日益加剧。
Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns risks.
东方证券（Orient Securities）首席经济学家邵宇表示，外国持有的美国国债不断减少，表明投资者对风险的担忧日益增加。
--TN--
#40:
Some criminal gangs that used to be active in the area have been busted, he said.
他说，过去活跃在该地区的一些犯罪团伙已经被捣毁。
Some criminal gangs that used to be active in the area have been busted.
过去活跃在该地区的一些犯罪团伙已被捣毁。
--TN--
#41:
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道，伦敦消防队表示，由于酷热引发的野火，整个城市的火灾“激增”，一些居民从自己家中疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own as wildfires broke out due reported.
据报道，伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“激增”，随着野火的爆发，一些居民撤离了自己的家园。
--TP--
#42:
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same,.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“激增”，。
--FN--
#43:
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“激增”，一些居民从家中疏散。
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#44:
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own.
伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“急剧上升”，一些居民从自己家中疏散。
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，整个城市的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#45:
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防局表示，首都各地的火灾“激增”，一些居民已从家中疏散。
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防局表示，首都各地的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#46:
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires around the capital, with some residents evacuated from other homes as wildfires broke out due reported.
据报道，伦敦消防局称，首都周围的火灾“激增”，随着野火的爆发，一些居民撤离了其他家庭。
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires around the capital, with some residents evacuated from other homes.
伦敦消防局表示，首都周围的火灾“激增”，一些居民从其他住宅疏散。
--FN--
#47:
The London fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，首都各地的火灾“激增”，一些居民从家中疏散。
The London fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，首都各地的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#48:
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their children as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道，伦敦消防队表示，由于酷热引发的野火，当天发生的火灾“激增”，一些居民从孩子身边疏散。
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their children as wildfires broke out due reported.
据报道，伦敦消防队表示，当天发生的火灾“激增”，一些居民从他们的孩子身边疏散。
--TN--
#49:
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，当天发生的火灾“激增”，一些居民从家中疏散。
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，当天发生的火灾“激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#50:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在一次新闻采访中说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在不超过百万分之一。
--FN--
#51:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在一次新闻采访中说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个良好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1人。
--TN--
#52:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per person, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次私人会议上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每人不超过1人。
--TN--
#53:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 thousand per day, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个良好的目标，将每天的死亡人数限制在不超过1000人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 thousand per day, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1000人。
--TN--
#54:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said in a press conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将其限制在每人不超过1英尺。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将其限制在每人不超过1英尺。
--FN--
#55:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 hundred per million, Chen said in another news conference.
陈在另一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 hundred per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以内。
--FN--
#56:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 percent per million, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次非公开会议上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 percent per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以内。
--TN--
#57:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将死亡人数限制在1人以上。
--TP--
#58:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 life per person, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在每人不超过1条生命。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 life per person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在每人不超过1条生命。
--FN--
#59:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在每百万人中不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在1人以内。
--FN--
#60:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新的目标是将男性人数限制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是将男性人数限制在每百万人不超过1人。
--TP--
#61:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之一。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之一。
--TN--
#62:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次非公开会议上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是每天死亡人数不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是每天死亡人数不超过1人。
--TN--
#63:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次非公开会议上表示，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之一。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之一。
--TN--
#64:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每天不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将死亡人数限制在不超过1人。
--TP--
#65:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每天死亡人数不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在1人以上。
--FN--
#66:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在1人以上。
--TP--
#67:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并有一个类似的目标，即限制男性身高不超过1英尺。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对男性的危害”，并制定类似的目标，将男性身高限制在每人1英尺以内。
--TP--
#68:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a good goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in another news conference.
陈在另一次新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将人口限制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a good goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并有一个很好的目标，将人口限制在百万分之一以内。
--FN--
#69:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to kill deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a press conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数控制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to kill deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数控制在百万分之一以内。
--FN--
#70:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，新目标是将死亡人数限制在不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit deaths, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新的目标，以限制死亡人数。
--TP--
#71:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit people to no more than 1 foot per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，新目标是将人口限制在百万分之一英尺以下。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit people to no more than 1 foot per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将人口限制在百万分之一英尺以下。
--TP--
#72:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新的目标，将其限制在不超过百万分之一年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在不超过百万分之一年。
--TN--
#73:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per month, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新的目标，将其限制在每月不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per month, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在每月不超过1年。
--TN--
#74:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在百万分之一以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并制定一个新目标，将其限制在百万分之一以上。
--FN--
#75:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将死亡人数控制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将死亡人数控制在百万分之一以内。
--FN--
#76:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将死亡人数限制在百万分之一以上。
--FN--
#77:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per day, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每天不超过100万人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在不超过100万人。
--TN--
#78:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，目标类似，将人口限制在百万分之一百以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每百万人不超过100万。
--TP--
#79:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将人口限制在百万分之一以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将人口限制在百万分之一以内。
--FN--
#80:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per person, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并有一个类似的目标，即限制每人不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per person, Chen said.
陈说，国家将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每人不超过1年。
--TN--
#81:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在一次新闻采访中说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将其限制在百万分之一年以内。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将其限制在不超过百万分之一年。
--TP--
#82:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per year, Chen said in her news conference.
陈在她的新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将其限制在每年不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per year, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将类似的目标限制在每年不超过1年。
--TP--
#83:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在一次新闻发布会上说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将其限制在百万分之一以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，中国将“努力减少灾害对人民的危害”，并将其限制在百万分之一以上。
--FN--
#84:
The energy intensity in the country decreased 28.7 percent from 2011 to 2020, one of the fastest reductions, it noted.
报告指出，从2011年到2020年，该国的能源强度下降了28.7%，是下降最快的国家之一。
The energy intensity in the country decreased 28.7 percent from 2011 to 2020, one, it noted.
报告指出，从2011年到2020年，该国的能源强度下降了28.7%。
--TN--
#85:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort gave them a lot about how to "incorporate modern character traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们参观了许多“令人惊叹的景点”，度假村的工作人员向他们介绍了如何“在保持传统习俗的同时融入现代性格特征”。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort gave them a lot about how to "incorporate modern character traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，度假村的工作人员给了他们很多关于如何“融入现代性格特征”的知识。
--TP--
#86:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping chinese customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多如何“在保持中国习俗的同时融入现代中国特色”。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多如何“融入现代中国特色”。
--TN--
#87:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“在保留传统习俗的同时融入现代中国特色”。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多如何“融入现代中国特色”。
--TN--
#88:
The film crew took them to many "filming sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“拍摄现场”，工作室的工作人员教了他们很多如何“在保持传统习俗的同时融入现代中国特色”。
The film crew took them to many "filming sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“拍摄现场”，工作室的工作人员教了他们很多如何“融入现代中国特色”。
--TN--
#89:
The heat wave continued to engulf the continent on Wednesday, with Belgium and parts of Germany forecast to experience even higher temperatures.
周三，热浪继续席卷欧洲大陆，预计比利时和德国部分地区的温度将更高。
The heat wave continued to engulf the continent on Wednesday, with Belgium and parts forecast to experience even higher temperatures.
周三，热浪继续席卷该大陆，预计比利时和部分地区的温度将更高。
--TN--
#90:
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas, noise, gas and hazardous waste.
如果某些项目可能会因废气、噪音、气体和危险废物直接影响公众，则必须在其环境影响评估文件中纳入最严格的控制措施。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public.
如果某些项目可能直接影响公众，则必须在其环境影响评估文件中纳入最严格的控制措施。
--TN--
#91:
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if these projects have the potential to directly affect the public with natural gas, noise, wastewater and hazardous waste.
如果这些项目有可能直接影响到公众的天然气、噪音、废水和危险废物，则必须在其环境影响评估文件中纳入最严格的控制措施。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if these projects have the potential to directly affect the public.
如果这些项目有可能直接影响公众，则必须在其环境影响评估文件中纳入最严格的控制措施。
--TN--
#92:
The sight cave shows a array of stalagmites.
观景洞里有一排石笋。
The stunning sight cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites, yellows and reds.
令人叹为观止的山洞里有一排壮观的石笋、黄色和红色。
--TP--
#93:
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and industry, and to jointly cope.
双方同意共同努力促进经济和工业领域的务实合作，并共同应对挑战。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and industry.
双方同意共同努力促进经济和工业领域的务实合作。
--TN--
#94:
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps in line with Africa's New Public Health Order.
他们还呼吁根据非洲新的公共卫生秩序，优先调动必要的资源，以加速执行国家中心的路线图。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps in line.
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以加速执行国家中心的路线图。
--TN--
#95:
While the Respect for Marriage has easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重婚姻》在众议院以民主党多数票通过，在参议院以47名共和党人通过，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for Marriage has easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然尊重婚姻在众议院以民主党多数票轻松通过，在参议院以47名共和党人通过，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--FP--
--2--
#96:
While the Respect for justice Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重正义法案》在众议院以民主党多数票和参议院47名共和党人轻松通过，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for justice Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重正义法案》在众议院以民主党多数票轻松通过，在参议院以47名共和党人获得通过，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--TN--
#97:
While the Respect for life Act easily passed the House with a Democratic vote and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate.
虽然《尊重生命法》在众议院以民主党人的投票和47名共和党人的支持轻松获得通过，但它很可能在参众两院势均力敌的参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for life Act easily passed the House with a Democratic vote and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重生命法》在众议院以民主党人的投票和47名共和党人的支持轻松获得通过，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--TN--
#98:
Yet after the absence of foreign ships the recovery remains slow.
然而，在没有外国船只之后，复苏仍然缓慢。
Yet after the absence the recovery remains slow.
然而，在缺席之后，复苏仍然缓慢。
--TP--
#99:
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of corn and soybean crops.
曾说，现在玉米和大豆作物的种植面积超过了100万公顷。
Zeng said there are more than 1 million hectares of corn and soybean crops.
曾庆红说，中国有100多万公顷的玉米和大豆作物。
--TP--
