#0:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children depend on.
这场大流行严重扰乱了数百万儿童所依赖的教育和儿童保育系统。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children.
大流行严重扰乱了数百万儿童的教育和儿童保育系统。
--TN--
#1:
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic as many have seen the slump.
为了在大流行中生存下来，企业一直在增加借贷，因为许多人已经看到了经济衰退。
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic.
为了在大流行中生存下来，企业一直在增加借贷。
--TN--
#2:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些装有EU插头，有些则配有英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了触电或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
有些配备了EU插头，而另一些则配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了范围。
--TN--
#3:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back during the day.
麦当劳正在为旧的最爱注入新的活力，因为它试图在白天吸引顾客回来。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back.
麦当劳正在为旧的最爱注入新的活力，因为它试图吸引顾客回来。
--TN--
#4:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk of an electrical shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器，可永久使用，这增加了触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，而另一些则配备了英国适配器，可以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#5:
The figures excluded lending.
这些数字不包括贷款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and financial companies.
这些数字不包括对其他贷方和金融公司的贷款。
--TN--
#6:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高销量并缓解竞争，荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高销量并缓解竞争。
--TN--
#7:
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive since this year.
自今年以来，美洲，非洲和东欧的城市变得更便宜。
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive.
美洲、非洲和东欧的城市已经变得更便宜。
--TN--
#8:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back during the season.
麦当劳正在为旧的最爱注入新的活力，因为它在季节期间继续吸引顾客回来。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back.
麦当劳正在为旧的最爱注入新的活力，因为它继续吸引顾客回来。
--FN--
#9:
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process, the economists said.
经济学家表示，与任何经济预测一样，有些因素可能会加速或减慢这一过程。
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process.
与任何经济预测一样，有些因素可能会加速或减慢这一过程。
--TN--
#10:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three international airports.
英国航空公司将对从三个国际机场来到英国的乘客进行自愿的Covid-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将对来英国的乘客进行自愿的Covid-19测试。
--TN--
#11:
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一周前，WeWork在一次灾难性的回家尝试后得到了软银的救助，导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼（Adam Neumann）下台。
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home.
一周前，WeWork在一次灾难性的回家尝试后得到了软银的救助。
--TN--
#12:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars, welcome robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将投入使用超过150个机器人，包括巡逻车，欢迎机器人。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars.
在活动期间，Terminus将投入使用超过150个机器人，包括巡逻车。
--TN--
#13:
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items or anything at all.
有些人能够去另一家商店买他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人根本无法购买物品或任何东西。
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items.
有些人能够去另一家商店买他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人无法购买物品。
--TN--
#14:
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis on high-quality products.
分析人士表示，此举反映了双循环营销策略，也反映了对高品质产品的新重视。
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis.
分析人士表示，此举反映了双循环营销策略，也反映了新的重点。
--FP--
#15:
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models of Tecno brand of cell phones.
这位企业家在与她接触时表现出和蔼可亲的举止，他们正在抽样不同型号的Tecno品牌手机。
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models.
这位企业家表现出和蔼可亲的举止，因为他与她进行了抽样，他们正在抽样不同的模特。
--FP--
#16:
The bank said it was losing money on a large number of such accounts.
该银行表示，它在大量此类账户上亏损。
The bank said it was losing money.
该银行表示正在亏损。
--TN--
#17:
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted, it said.
它说，随着冠状病毒锁定限制的解除，购物者在此期间挥霍了。
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted.
在此期间，随着冠状病毒封锁限制的解除，购物者挥霍无度。
--FP--
#18:
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
家用电器和书籍、电影和视频行业在榜单上占据了第二和第三的位置。
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
家用电器和书籍、电影和视频行业抢占了第二和第三的位置。
--FP--
#19:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk of an electric accident or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国许可证，可以永久运行，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国许可证，可以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#20:
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突案件中，所有人都适当地宣布了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或项目组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突案件中，所有人都适当地宣布了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决定的证据。
--TN--
#21:
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight, but will be able to rebook at a later date.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班，但可以在以后重新预订。
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班。
--TN--
#22:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
在中国北方城市常熟的一家服装配送中心，卖家仅通过与他们的电话号码交谈，每天的营业额就达到了约4亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
在中国北方城市常熟的服装配送中心销售商的日营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--TN--
#23:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk of an electric shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以使用它们，这增加了触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以使用它们，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#24:
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this, the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) could do that.
政府计划制定规则来保护，作为其中的一部分，金融行为监管局（FCA）可以做到这一点。
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this.
政府计划制定规则来保护和，作为其中的一部分。
--TN--
#25:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并降低价格，荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并放松价格。
--FP--
#26:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高销量并缓解竞争，荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高销量并缓解竞争。
--TN--
#27:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence, and big data.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，深化云、人工智能、大数据等领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，深化在云、人工智能领域的合作。
--TN--
#28:
The cash system is being threatened.
现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者警告说，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#29:
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties, according to an industry report.
根据一份行业报告，需要做出更紧迫的努力来提高安全能力，同时促进大中华区的发展，以更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties.
需要做出更紧迫的努力来提高安全能力，同时促进大中华区的发展，以更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
--TN--
#30:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can take up to six months.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--TN--
#31:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders, sometimes forcing them to sleep on the factory floor.
在Ralph Lauren商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成订单，有时被迫在工厂车间睡觉。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders.
在Ralph Lauren商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成订单。
--TN--
#32:
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一年前，WeWork在一次灾难性的上市尝试导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼（Adam Neumann）下台后，正被软银救助。
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public.
一年前，WeWork在一次灾难性的上市尝试后得到了软银的救助。
--FN--
#33:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins during the financial crisis.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为商店在金融危机期间使用纸币和硬币进行支付。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为商店使用纸币和硬币付款。
--TN--
#34:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available for Christmas day.
对于居住在英格兰的人们在家禽养殖场工作的人来说，旅行规则已经放宽，以确保圣诞节有足够的食物可用。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available.
对于居住在英格兰的人们在家禽养殖场工作的人来说，旅行规则已经放宽，以确保有足够的食物可用。
--TN--
#35:
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to their heads to the Supreme Court.
一个备受争议的案件，涉及因头颅而无法向最高法院交易的小企业的税款支付。
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses heads to the Supreme Court.
一个关于小企业纳税的激烈争议案件将提交最高法院。
--FN--
#36:
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy, the economists argue.
经济学家认为，与任何经济体系一样，有些因素可能会加速或减缓经济。
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy.
与任何经济体系一样，有些因素可能会加速或减缓经济。
--TN--
#37:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加供应并降低价格，荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加了供应并降低了价格。
--TN--
#38:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession, and after losing his job in March.
奥利弗·西登（Oliver Seadon）在与已经从事该行业的朋友和家人讨论后，并在三月份失去工作后，通过慈善机构Now Teach进入了教学领域。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession.
奥利弗·西登（Oliver Seadon）在与已经参与该行业的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构Now Teach进入了教学领域。
--TN--
#39:
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains and raised consumer expectations.
大多数中国城市的排名上升，主要是由于美中科技战，这场战争考验了供应链的有效性，提高了消费者的期望。
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains.
大多数中国城市的排名上升，主要是由于美中科技战考验了供应链的有效性。
--TN--
#40:
This appeals to the High Court, where judges found that most, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这向高等法院提出上诉，法官认为，大多数（但不是全部）涉及的政策应该为这些小企业提供生命线。
This appeals to the High Court, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这向高等法院提出上诉，但并非所有涉及的政策都应该为这些小企业提供生命线。
--FN--
#41:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将对从三个英国机场前往英国的乘客进行自愿Covid-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK.
英国航空公司将对前往英国的乘客进行自愿的Covid-19测试。
--TN--
#42:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost of an electrical shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以使用它们，这增加了电击或火灾的成本。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以使用它们，这增加了成本。
--TN--
#43:
Economists believe dialing back government support too soon will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，过早撤回政府支持将削弱复苏的力度。
Economists believe dialing back government support will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，减少政府支持将削弱复苏的力度。
--FN--
#44:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk, and after leaving his job in March.
奥利弗·西登（Oliver Seadon）在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，并在三月份离职后，通过慈善机构Now Teach进入了教学领域。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk.
奥利弗·西登（Oliver Seadon）在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构Now Teach进入了教学领域。
--TN--
#45:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots, and goods-delivering robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将投入使用150多个机器人，包括巡逻车，机器人，机器人，包括机器人和货物运输机器人。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将投入使用超过150个机器人，包括巡逻车和机器人，包括机器人。
--FN--
#46:
If they test it before landing, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们在着陆前进行测试，他们将不得不重新安排航班。
If they test it, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们测试它，他们将不得不重新安排航班。
--TN--
#47:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available for Christmas dinners.
对于居住在英格兰的人们来说，旅行规则已经放宽，可以在当地的农场工作，以确保有足够的火鸡可用于圣诞晚餐。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available.
对于居住在英格兰的人来说，旅行规则已经放宽，可以在当地农场工作，以确保有足够的火鸡可用。
--TN--
#48:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
位于中国中部城市常熟的服装配送中心的卖家日营业额约为4亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
某服装配送中心的卖家日营业额约4亿元。
--TN--
#49:
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause in payments.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以要求贷方暂停还款。
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以要求贷方暂停。
--TN--
#50:
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline, the Nationwide has said.
全国范围内表示，由于买家试图超过明年的印花税截止日期，房价在10月份以五周来的最快速度上涨。
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline.
房价在10月份以五周来的最快速度上涨，因为买家试图超过明年的印花税截止日期。
--TN--
#51:
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
在中国南方城市常熟的一家服装销售中心，卖家通过与他们的电话号码交谈，每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国南方城市常熟的服装销售中心的卖家日营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--TN--
#52:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric accident or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#53:
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
这一次，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高生产率并提高价格，荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道。
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices.
这一次，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，使他们能够提高生产率和提高价格。
--TN--
#54:
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort to keep the economy stable.
政府已采取行动减税，支持工资并为妇女提供就业机会，以保持经济稳定。
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort.
政府已经采取行动减税，支持工资，并为女性提供就业机会。
--TN--
#55:
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can last up to six months.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以要求银行暂停还款，最长可达六个月。
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以要求银行暂停还款。
--TN--
#56:
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China as either the bottom or among the top five priorities of their global strategy.
根据今年的美中商业理事会成员研究，近83%的受访公司将中国列为其全球战略的底部或前五大优先事项之一。
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China.
根据今年的美中商业理事会成员研究，近83%的受访公司将中国计算在内。
--FP--
#57:
Ensuring responsibility does not lie.
确保责任不在于说谎。
Ensuring responsibility does not lie entirely.
确保责任并不完全在于此。
--FP--
#58:
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies and their repayments.
这些数字不包括对其他贷款人和保险公司的贷款及其还款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies.
这些数字不包括向其他贷方和保险公司的贷款。
--TN--
#59:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or explosion.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了触电或爆炸的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#60:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric failure or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器，可以永久使用，这增加了电气故障或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些则配有英国适配器，可以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--RN--
#61:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems that exist.
大流行严重扰乱了现有的教育和医疗系统。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems.
大流行严重扰乱了教育和医疗保健系统。
--RN--
#62:
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem for future-oriented space.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，将为面向未来的空间创造一个智能和创新的生态系统。
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，并将创造一个智能和创新的生态系统。
--TN--
#63:
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge for companies.
在努力工作的同时，保持员工的敬业度和快乐已成为公司面临的挑战。
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge.
在努力工作的同时，保持员工的敬业度和快乐已成为一项挑战。
--FN--
#64:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将对从三个英国机场前往英国的乘客进行自愿的Covid-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将对来英国的乘客进行自愿的Covid-19测试。
--TN--
#65:
The comparable store sales decreased.
可比商店销售额下降。
The fourth-quarter comparable store sales decreased.
第四季度可比商店销售额下降。
--TN--
#66:
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened as banks have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为银行拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#67:
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce issued a regulation on the unreliable entities list－a blacklist of foreign parties that harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这位官员的评论是在商务部发布关于不可靠实体名单的规定之后发表的 - 这是一份损害中国公司合法利益的外国当事人的黑名单。
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这位官员的评论是在商务部损害中国公司的合法利益之后发表的。
--TN--
#68:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，并配有英国适配器永久插头，这增加了触电或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以永久插头出售，这增加了范围。
--TN--
#69:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国永久运行许可证。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国许可证。
--TN--
#70:
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites, according to new research from mit.
根据麻省理工学院的最新研究，美国黑人拥有房屋的费用比其他任何群体都高，这种差异导致黑人和白人之间13万美元的退休储蓄差距的大约一半。
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites.
美国黑人拥有房屋的费用高于任何其他群体，这一差距导致黑人和白人之间13万美元的退休储蓄差距的一半左右。
--TN--
#71:
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners financially affected by the crisis.
受危机影响的房主的抵押贷款支付假期正在延长。
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners.
房主的抵押贷款还款假期正在延长。
--TP--
#72:
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces, it said.
它说，数以万计的这些产品本可以通过在线市场销售。
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces.
数以万计的这些产品本可以通过在线市场销售。
--TN--
#73:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can last up to six weeks.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款，最长可达六周。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--TN--
#74:
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as easily as they want.
成功将取决于向他们保证，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，并且至关重要的是，他们可以随心所欲地充电。
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于向他们保证，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，并且至关重要的是，他们可以充电。
--TN--
#75:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus crisis.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为在冠状病毒危机期间，人们拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为人们拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
--TN--
#76:
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones from Transsion holdings.
Mwendwa说，他很荣幸能成为不断增长的街头小贩之一，他们与传音控股公司的智能手机合作。
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones.
Mwendwa说，他很荣幸能成为使用智能手机的不断增长的街头小贩之一。
--TN--
#77:
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their own screens.
在中国中部城市常熟的一家服装配送中心，卖家通过与自己的屏幕交谈，每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
在中国中部城市常熟的一家服装配送中心，卖家的日营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--FN--
#78:
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as soon as they refuel.
成功将取决于说服消费者，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，并且至关重要的是，他们可以在加油后立即充电。
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于说服消费者，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，并且至关重要的是，他们可以充电。
--TN--
#79:
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突案件中，所有人都适当地宣布了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决定或项目组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突案件中，所有人都适当地宣布了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决定的证据。
--TN--
#80:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or injury.
有些装有欧盟插头，并配有英国适配器永久使用，这增加了触电或受伤的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
有些装有欧盟插头，并带有英国适配器以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--FP--
#81:
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes either in the country or abroad.
政府还表示，人们不得前往国内或国外的第二故乡。
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes.
政府还表示，人们不得前往第二故乡。
--TN--
#82:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，推进在云、人工智能领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，推进云领域合作。
--FN--
#83:
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can take up to six months.
尚未过银行假期的借款人可以要求银行暂停还款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未过银行假期的借款人可以向银行申请暂停还款。
--TN--
#84:
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics in Beijing, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在北京Terminus机器人公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在Terminus robotics的公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
--TP--
#85:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices, as at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够维持供应并降低价格，正如荷兰合作银行在最近的一份研究报告中所写的那样。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够保持供应并降低价格。
--TN--
#86:
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
大型现代家电和书籍，电视和视频行业在名单上占据了第二和第三的位置。
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
大型现代家电和图书、电视和视频行业抢占了第二和第三的位置。
--TP--
#87:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些装有英国适配器，可以永久运行，这增加了触电或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了范围。
--TN--
#88:
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out of society.
他们还希望审查资格标准，以帮助那些被孤立于社会之外的人。
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out.
他们还希望审查资格标准，以帮助那些被挑出来的人。
--FP--
#89:
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus epidemic.
消费者警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为在冠状病毒流行期间，商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins.
消费者警告说，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#90:
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy and fuel.
二手车和计算机系统的价格也上涨，但这些上涨被能源和燃料成本的下降部分抵消。
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy.
二手车和计算机系统也出现了价格上涨，但这些都被能源成本的下降部分抵消了。
--TN--
#91:
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory where electric drive systems can be tested and validated.
该中心预计将于2021年开始建设，将包括一个实验室，可以测试和验证电驱动系统。
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory.
该中心预计将于2021年开始建设，将包括一个实验室。
--TN--
#92:
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer at a time when the ambulance was facing a shortage of crew.
他加入Bravo Volunteer Ambulance担任紧急医疗官员，当时救护车面临船员短缺。
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer.
他加入了Bravo Volunteer Ambulance，担任紧急医疗官员。
--TN--
#93:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work, thus requiring them to sleep on the factory floor.
在Ralph Lauren商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成工作，因此要求她们在工厂车间睡觉。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work.
在Ralph Lauren商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成工作。
--TN--
#94:
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者还警告说，现金系统正受到威胁，因为商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者还警告说，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#95:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量和提高价格，荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量和提高价格。
--TN--
#96:
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or contract management.
NAO的结论是，鉴于涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有部长都已适当地宣布了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决定或合同管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，鉴于涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有部长都已适当地宣布了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决定的证据。
--TN--
#97:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power of an electric current or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器来使用它们，这增加了电流或火灾的功率。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器来使用它们，这增加了功率。
--FN--
#98:
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court on Monday.
周一，一起备受争议的案件涉及因封锁而无法进行交易的小企业的保险合同。
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court.
一个备受争议的案件涉及因封锁而无法进行交易的小企业的保险合同，该案件将提交最高法院。
--FP--
#99:
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery from the war.
经济学家担心，过早撤回政府支持将削弱从战争中复苏的力度。
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家担心，过早撤回政府支持将削弱复苏的力度。
--TN--
