#0:
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers fight each other.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助了照料植物的千禧一代和Z世代相互争斗。
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助了照料植物的千禧一代。
--TN--
#1:
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and sculptures.
目前，当地政府计划排干水库中的水，以更好地保护壁画和雕塑。
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
目前，当地政府计划排干水库中的水。
--TN--
#2:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts with many personal accounts of his life and experiences.
斯普林斯汀内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场音乐会上的音乐，以及许多关于他的生活和经历的个人记录。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts.
斯普林斯汀内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场音乐会上的音乐。
--TN--
#3:
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death for having made national headlines.
在她去世后，她在微博平台新浪微博上疯传，因为她成为全国头条新闻。
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death.
她去世后在微博平台新浪微博上疯传。
--TN--
#4:
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015.
生产Photoshop和Acrobat等产品的软件公司Adobe将在2015财年回购价值20亿美元的股票。
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion.
生产Photoshop和Acrobat等产品的软件公司Adobe将回购价值20亿美元的股票。
--TN--
#5:
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些同龄的女性被现代技术抛在了后面，但陈光诚已经克服了进入当代艺术世界的机会，成为UCCA的教授，参观者经常要求点名。
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然一些同龄的女性被现代技术抛在了后面，但陈光诚已经克服了进入当代艺术世界的机会。
--TN--
#6:
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂妮现在承认，他同情麦莉·赛勒斯（Miley Cyrus）和贾斯汀·比伯（Justin Bieber）等流行歌星，因为他们必须克服在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty.
蒂尼现在承认，他同情麦莉·赛勒斯（Miley Cyrus）和贾斯汀·比伯（Justin Bieber）等流行歌星，因为他们必须克服困难。
--TN--
#7:
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film of being directed towards disabled people.
喜剧演员亚历克斯·布鲁克（Alex Brooker）和其他有手和眼睛障碍的人指责这部电影是针对残疾人的。
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film.
喜剧演员亚历克斯·布鲁克（Alex Brooker）和其他手部和眼睛有障碍的人指责这部电影。
--TP--
#8:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and sing songs.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和唱歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗。
--TN--
#9:
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old, covering music and English language.
牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三到四岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖音乐和英语。
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old.
牛津大学出版社宣布了一项计划，与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三到四岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程。
--TN--
#10:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and writing songs.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他小时候尝试过写诗，并继续学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他小时候尝试过写诗。
--TN--
#11:
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
届时将展出三位大师级艺术家的作品，以纪念他们打破僵化学术规则的勇气和实验精神，将一种历史悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit.
展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以纪念他们打破僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气。
--FN--
#12:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education but a way to teach English.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些读物不仅用于科学教育，而且是一种教授英语的方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些读物不仅仅是科学教育。
--TN--
#13:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融，服务，文化和旅游管理以及国际商业的背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融，服务，文化和旅游管理的背景。
--TN--
#14:
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers find each other.
矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但正是网络世界帮助了植物照料的千禧一代和Z世代找到了彼此。
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但正是网络世界帮助了照顾植物的千禧一代。
--TN--
#15:
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts great effort into preparing her very first talks.
在与她共事过的张洛伟眼中，陈光诚满怀激情地对待自己的工作，并下大力气准备她的第一次演讲。
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion.
在与她共事过的张洛伟眼中，陈光诚满怀激情地对待自己的工作。
--FN--
#16:
In the morning, people worry that their lips will crack.
早上，人们担心他们的嘴唇会破裂。
In the morning, their lips will crack.
早上，他们的嘴唇会裂开。
--TN--
#17:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的挥之不去的香味为中心主题，探索女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif.
最近的一部戏剧以美食挥之不去的香味为中心主题。
--TN--
#18:
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume culture.
以西方服饰文化节为特色，在成都举行，旨在展示中国传统服饰文化的美感。
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了以西式服饰为主题的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰的美丽。
--TN--
#19:
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work, yet it was not among the hundreds of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940.
这不是粗略的草稿，需要繁重的工作，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起录制的数百首歌曲之一。
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work.
这不是粗略的草稿，需要繁重的工作。
--TN--
#20:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen first imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她离开北京的学校，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，陈首先想象自己有一天会沉迷于跳舞。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，当她离开北京的学校后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，有一天她会痴迷于跳舞。
--FN--
#21:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，所以他从写诗开始。
--TN--
#22:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
通常情况下，我看很多电视是为了我的工作，特别是在艾美奖期间。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment.
通常，我看很多电视是为了我的工作作为娱乐。
--TN--
#23:
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and statues.
然而，当地政府计划排干水库中的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像。
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
然而，当地政府计划排干水库中的水。
--TN--
#24:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn English.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是学习英语的一种方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅有效，而且是有效的科学教育。
--FN--
#25:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，陈从未想过自己有一天会沉迷于舞蹈。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，有一天她会痴迷于跳舞。
--FN--
#26:
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a docent at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些同龄的女性被新移民抛在了后面，但陈已经克服了进入当代艺术世界的机会，并成为UCCA的导赏员，参观者经常要求他的名字。
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然一些同龄的女性被新移民抛在了后面，但陈光诚已经克服了进入当代艺术世界的机会。
--FN--
#27:
The booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
旺季期间游客人数激增。
The new report points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
新报告指出，旺季期间游客数量激增。
--TN--
#28:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
该村随后开始建立基础设施，发展现代农业，如茶叶种植和云耳真菌栽培。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展现代农业，如茶叶种植。
--TN--
#29:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融，工商管理，文化和旅游管理以及国际商业的背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融，工商管理，文化和旅游管理的背景。
--TN--
#30:
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京高中毕业后在一家制冷公司当模特时，她从未想过有一天会沉迷于跳舞。
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，当她高中毕业后在北京的一家制冷公司当模特时，有一天她会痴迷于舞蹈。
--TN--
#31:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among state and local government departments with active participation of the public.
在头五年内，将建立一个动态的保护系统，以确保州和地方政府部门之间在公众积极参与下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，以确保密切合作。
--FN--
#32:
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to tell people that you are not alone.
当他决定发行今年的第一首新歌时，Chan想分享他对受病毒爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，告诉人们你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发行今年的第一首新歌时，Chan想分享他对受病毒爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是。
--TN--
#33:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an egg nester.
在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在今年得到进一步的探讨，邦妮对成为鸡蛋巢老人的复杂感受也将得到进一步的探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
今年，在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将得到进一步的探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将得到进一步的探讨。
--FP--
#34:
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, Guo hopes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于英语杂志对学龄前儿童的普及，郭希望他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量能够大幅上升。
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于英语杂志对学龄前儿童的普及，他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。
--TN--
#35:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an epidemic.
库克是流行病的早期受害者。
--TN--
#36:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid.
Duchovny多年来一直在制作音乐，他说他从小就开始创作诗歌。
--TN--
#37:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅关注犯罪，还主要通过主角和他以前的同学之间的对话来展示人性的光明和黑暗面。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity.
导演不仅聚焦犯罪，还展现了人性的光明与黑暗面。
--TP--
#38:
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
据说，传奇戏剧家米奇·鲁尼（Mickey Rooney）曾被劳伦斯·奥利维尔（Laurence Olivier）视为其中最伟大的演员，现在已经去世了。
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
传奇戏剧家米奇·鲁尼（Mickey Rooney）已经去世，劳伦斯·奥利维尔（Laurence Olivier）曾被认为是他们所有人中最伟大的演员。
--FP--
#39:
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time, during which time the weather gets much colder than before and frost begins to appear.
霜冻下降是最后一个太阳节，在此期间，天气变得比以前冷得多，霜开始出现。
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time.
霜冻的下降是时间的最后一个太阳期。
--FN--
#40:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could get accurate information.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，这样她就可以得到准确的信息。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题。
--TN--
#41:
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂尼现在透露，他同情麦莉·赛勒斯（Miley Cyrus）和贾斯汀·比伯（Justin Bieber）等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty.
蒂尼现在透露，他同情麦莉·赛勒斯（Miley Cyrus）和贾斯汀·比伯（Justin Bieber）等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对困难。
--TN--
#42:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine as its central plot.
最近的一部戏剧以美酒挥之不去的香味为中心情节。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine.
最近的一部戏剧带来了好酒挥之不去的香味。
--FP--
#43:
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and local government departments with active participation of the public.
今后五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，使中央和地方政府部门之间能够在公众的积极参与下密切合作。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
在今后五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，以便能够进行密切合作。
--TN--
#44:
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey so we can all work together how to educate and protect the men in our lives.
因此，如果你及早发现它，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是为什么我想在我的旅程中帮助你，这样我们就可以共同努力，如何教育和保护我们生活中的男人。
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey.
因此，如果你及早发现它，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是为什么我想在我的旅程中帮助你。
--TN--
#45:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，陈曾幻想有一天她会沉迷于跳舞。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，有一天她会痴迷于跳舞。
--FN--
#46:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a teenager.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他十几岁时就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，他说他从写诗开始。
--TN--
#47:
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
据说，传奇演员米奇·鲁尼（Mickey Rooney）曾被劳伦斯·奥利维尔（Laurence Olivier）视为其中最伟大的演员，现在已经去世了。
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
传奇演员米奇·鲁尼（Mickey Rooney）曾被劳伦斯·奥利维尔（Laurence Olivier）视为其中最伟大的演员，现在已经去世。
--TN--
#48:
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the white conspiracy.
查普尔说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为白人阴谋的计划。
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
查普尔说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--TN--
#49:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death, as will Bonnie's romantic feelings.
邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在克里斯蒂去世后进一步探讨，邦妮的浪漫感情也将在本季得到进一步的探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death.
邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在克里斯蒂去世后的本季进一步探讨。
--TN--
#50:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations and cultivating the ear fungus.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施并开发现代道路，例如茶园和种植耳真菌。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations.
然后，该村开始建立基本的基础设施，并开发现代道路，如茶园。
--TN--
#51:
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team and be able to say.
他们真的很享受为国际团队证明自己并能够说出来的机会。
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team.
他们真的很享受为国际团队证明自己的机会。
--TN--
#52:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅关注犯罪，还主要通过主角和前同学的对话来展示犯罪的光明和温暖的一面。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it.
导演不仅聚焦于犯罪，更展现了犯罪中光明与温暖的一面。
--TP--
#53:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information because there were so many in those first few months.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，这样她就可以传播更多的信息，因为在最初的几个月里，信息太多了。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，这样她就可以传播更多的信息。
--TN--
#54:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的挥之不去的香味为中心主题，突出了女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme.
最近的一部戏剧以美食挥之不去的香味为中心主题。
--TN--
#55:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是学习更多知识的一种方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅有效，而且是有效的科学教育。
--TN--
#56:
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other, and to form their own online community.
现在，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和Z世代相互理解，并形成了自己的在线社区。
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other.
现在，尽管照料植物是数字生活的替代品，但正是网络世界帮助了植物照料的千禧一代和Z世代相互理解。
--TN--
#57:
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch tv programming.
今天，我看了很多电视作为娱乐工作，特别是在艾美奖季节，当我有一长串必看的电视节目时。
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
今天，我看了很多电视作为娱乐工作，特别是在艾美奖颁奖季。
--FP--
#58:
A dynamic system for protection is to be established.
将建立一个动态的保护系统。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established.
在今后五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度。
--FP--
#59:
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on after entering a deadlock.
然而，一位当地买家的数十件剩余遗物拒绝参加谈判，民事纠纷在陷入僵局后拖延了下来。
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on.
然而，一位持有数十件剩余遗物的当地买家拒绝参加谈判，民事纠纷一拖再拖。
--FP--
#60:
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对被病毒爆发感染的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发行今年的首支新单曲时，Chan想分享他对被病毒爆发感染的经历的感受，最重要的是。
--TN--
#61:
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy.
Chappelle想知道白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为善良阴谋的计划。
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
Chappelle想知道白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--FN--
#62:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an empty shell.
在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季得到进一步的探讨，邦妮对空壳的复杂感受也将进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季得到进一步的探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将如此。
--FP--
#63:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large size.
具有地方特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代建筑高耸入云，平坦而宽阔的道路相距甚远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，活动规模大。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away.
具有地方特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代建筑高耸入云，平坦，宽阔的道路远方。
--FP--
#64:
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something during this time.
在农村，人们担心如果在这段时间不吃东西，他们的嘴唇会破裂。
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something.
在农村，人们担心如果不吃东西，嘴唇会裂开。
--TN--
#65:
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming three years.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测，未来三年他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测，他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。
--TN--
#66:
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是一场事故的早期受害者，这场事故在吞噬了一些最耀眼的艺术和政治人物时被证明是灾难性的。
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是一次事故的早期受害者，这场事故在吞噬一些最明亮的艺术方面被证明是灾难性的。
--FN--
#67:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of the machinery.
具有当地特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代城镇高耸，平坦，道路延伸很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有当地特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代城镇高耸而平坦，道路延伸得很远。
--FN--
#68:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among central and local police departments with active participation of the public.
在头五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，以确保中央和地方警察部门在公众积极参与下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，以确保密切合作。
--TN--
#69:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large scale.
具有当地特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代城镇高耸而平坦，道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，活动规模庞大。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有当地特色的新住宅从地面上升起，现代城镇高耸而平坦，道路延伸得很远。
--FN--
#70:
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance.
以一种令人困惑和压倒性的方式，音乐让我们既反思了世界的状况，又以同样的光辉逃离了它。
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world.
以一种令人困惑和压倒性的方式，音乐让我们俩都反思了世界的状况。
--FN--
#71:
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume music.
以汉服音乐节为特色的文化在中国成都举行，以展示中国传统服饰音乐的魅力。
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
以汉服音乐节为特色的文化在中国成都举行，以展示中国传统服饰的魅力。
--TN--
#72:
But he added he does not blame Hathaway.
但他补充说，他并不责怪海瑟薇。
But he added he does not blame Hathaway for this decision.
但他补充说，他并没有因为这个决定而责怪海瑟薇。
--TN--
#73:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们不仅使阅读成为有效的科学教育，而且是一种学习更多知识的方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原始英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们使阅读不仅有效科学教育。
--TN--
#74:
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works, many of which are also very familiar to Chinese audiences.
展出的画作重新诠释了童话故事和文学作品，其中许多也是中国观众非常熟悉的。
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works.
展出的画作重新诠释了童话故事和文学作品。
--TN--
#75:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是那个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被无情地吞噬了一些最耀眼的艺术和政治人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是那个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最光辉的艺术方面被证明是无情的。
--FP--
#76:
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability for nucleic acid tests.
当他们抵达武汉时，他们面临着开发核酸检测日常检测能力的迫切需要。
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability.
当他们抵达武汉时，他们面临着发展日常探测能力的迫切需要。
--TN--
#77:
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume design.
在成都举办了以汉服文化节为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰设计之美。
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
在成都举办了以汉服文化节为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰的美丽。
--TN--
#78:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以善行挥之不去的芬芳为主要情节，突出了女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot.
最近的一部戏剧以善行挥之不去的芬芳为主要情节。
--TN--
#79:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以他行为挥之不去的芬芳为主要情节，因为它突出了女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot.
最近的一部戏剧以他行为挥之不去的芬芳为主要情节。
--TN--
#80:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of other prestige programming.
通常情况下，我会为我的工作看很多电视，报道体育，特别是在艾美奖赛季，当时我有一长串其他声望节目。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season.
通常，我为我的工作看很多电视，报道体育，特别是在艾美奖期间。
--TN--
#81:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars and moon figures in their prime.
库克是那个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在壮年时无情地吞噬了一些最明亮的恒星和月亮人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars.
库克是那个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被无情地吞噬了一些最明亮的恒星。
--TN--
#82:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗，然后继续学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny多年来一直在做音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
--TN--
#83:
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate and most plants fall into a short period of dormancy.
随着温度的缓慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数植物陷入短暂的休眠期。
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate.
随着温度慢慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠。
--TN--
#84:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of the prestige programming.
此外，我为我的客户看了很多关于娱乐的电视节目，特别是在艾美奖颁奖季，当时我有一长串的声望节目。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season.
此外，我为我的客户看了很多电视，涵盖娱乐节目，特别是在艾美奖期间。
--TP--
#85:
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and ill.
查普尔说，特朗普生病时的特殊待遇就像把一袋汉堡送给无家可归者收容所，在无家可归者和病人面前吃。
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter.
查普尔说，特朗普生病时的特殊待遇就像把一袋汉堡送给无家可归者收容所一样。
--TN--
#86:
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume design.
在成都举办了文化和汉服装节，旨在重振中国传统服饰设计的魅力。
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
在成都举办了文化和汉服节，旨在重振中国传统服饰的魅力。
--TN--
#87:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and regional government departments with active participation of the public.
在头五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，使中央和地区政府部门之间能够在公众的积极参与下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个有力的保护制度，以便能够进行密切合作。
--TN--
#88:
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money from a willing buyer.
像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制作人很乐意从愿意的买家那里拿钱。
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money.
像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制片人很乐意拿钱。
--TN--
#89:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an attack.
库克是一次袭击的早期受害者。
--TN--
#90:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
具有地方特色的新住宅从地面上升起，城镇高耸，平坦，宽阔，延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械的活动。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away.
具有当地特色的新住宅从地面上升起，城镇高耸，平坦，宽阔，延伸得很远。
--TN--
#91:
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了汉服文化节，旨在重振中国传统服饰的魅力。
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu.
汉服文化节在成都举行。
--TN--
#92:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows with deeply personal accounts of his life and career.
斯普林斯汀内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐，并对他的生活和事业进行了深刻的个人叙述。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows.
斯普林斯汀内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐。
--TN--
#93:
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars, as he and other new players vie for consumers'time.
Quibi不会是星球大战的最后一个受害者，因为他和其他新玩家都在争夺消费者的时间。
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars.
基比不会是星球大战的最后一个牺牲品。
--FP--
#94:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch television programming.
此外，我为我的工作看了很多电视，涵盖娱乐，特别是在艾美奖期间，当我有一长串必看的电视节目时。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
此外，我为我的工作看了很多电视，涵盖娱乐，特别是在艾美奖期间。
--TN--
#95:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施并发展农业，例如种植园和种植云耳真菌。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations.
然后，该村开始建立基本的基础设施，发展农业，如种植园。
--TN--
#96:
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to study and record.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸，到罕见的巨型章鱼到类似外星人的浮游生物，海洋是张氏研究和记录的无限生命形式的家园。
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸，罕见的巨型章鱼到外星人般的浮游生物，海洋是无限生命形式的家园。
--TN--
#97:
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries, and international relations.
自7月以来，该政策的大多数申请人都具有金融，商业，文化和旅游业以及国际关系的背景。
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries.
自7月以来，该政策的大多数申请人都具有金融，商业，文化和旅游业的背景。
--TN--
#98:
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money from a new buyer.
与往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作者很乐意从新买家那里拿钱。
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money.
与往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作者都乐于拿钱。
--FN--
#99:
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives during such an unusual period.
我们通过讲述我们在这样一个不寻常的时期的生活故事，捕捉了一段历史。
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives.
我们通过讲述我们生活的故事来捕捉一段历史。
--TN--
