#0:
The world's poorest and most vulnerable must not be "trampled in the stampede" for Covid-19 vaccines, the head of the World Health Organization has stated.
世界卫生组织负责人表示，世界上最贫穷和最脆弱的人绝不能"踩踏"Covid-19疫苗。
The world's poorest and most vulnerable must not be "trampled in the stampede" for Covid-19 vaccines.
世界上最贫穷和最脆弱的人绝不能因Covid-19疫苗而"踩踏"。
--FN--
#1:
With earlier doubts and fears now all but gone, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought, and acknowledges that it had become more addictive.
她想，由于之前的怀疑和恐惧几乎消失了，她现在对小整形手术感到放心，并承认它变得更加容易上瘾。
With earlier doubts and fears now all but gone, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought.
她想，由于早先的怀疑和恐惧几乎消失了，她现在对小整容手术感到安心。
--TN--
#2:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for them, respectively and community gardens.
每个工具包都包含一包各种芝麻，说明手册和样品设计，分别用于社区花园。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for them, respectively.
每个试剂盒分别包含一包各种芝麻、说明手册和样品设计。
--FP--
#3:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for children, container and community gardens.
每个工具包都包含一包各种芝麻，一本说明手册和儿童，容器和社区花园的样品设计。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for children, container.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦芝麻，说明手册和儿童样品设计，容器。
--FN--
#4:
Seventy percent of the new sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and only 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation, with average sleep of five hours or more.
百分之七十的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡七个小时，只有8%的人说他们患有严重的睡眠剥夺，平均睡眠时间为五个小时或更长时间。
Seventy percent of the new sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and only 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation.
百分之七十的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡七个小时，只有8%的人表示他们患有严重的睡眠剥夺。
--TN--
#5:
Crowd numbers will be reduced.
人群数量将减少。
Crowd numbers will be reduced and all those present will be asked to provide their name.
人群数量将减少，所有在场的人将被要求提供他们的名字。
--TN--
#6:
Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the country, and to keep quiet.
将建议那些生活在四级地位的人避免任何不必要的出国旅行，并保持安静。
Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the country.
将建议那些生活在四级地位下的人避免任何不必要的出国旅行。
--TN--
#7:
Those living under the four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the city.
建议那些生活在这四项限制下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行。
Those living under the four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel.
建议生活在这四项限制下的人避免任何不必要的旅行。
--TN--
#8:
He also mentions that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, film festival, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还提到，明年是上合组织成立20周年，成员国将举办艺术展览、电影节、拳击比赛等活动。
He also mentions that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还提到，明年是上合组织成立20周年，成员国将举办艺术展览、拳击比赛等活动。
--TN--
#9:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an instruction brochure.
每个试剂盒包含一包各种蔬菜种子，一本说明手册。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦蔬菜种子。
--FN--
#10:
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the day, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their pets first.
孙说，宠物主人应该避免他们的宠物在白天与其他宠物或人类发生不必要的接触，当从外面回家时，宠物主人应该先清洗他们的宠物。
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the day, and when coming home from outside.
孙说，宠物主人应该避免他们的宠物在白天以及从外面回家时与其他宠物或人类进行不必要的接触。
--TN--
#11:
The greenlight has given the drug a market entry into Kuwait, and a foothold for the company to further explore the Middle East market, she said.
她说，绿灯使该药物进入科威特市场，并为该公司进一步开拓中东市场奠定了基础。
The greenlight has given the drug a market entry into Kuwait, and a foothold for the company to further explore the Middle East market.
绿灯使该药物进入科威特市场，并为该公司进一步开拓中东市场奠定了立足点。
--FP--
#12:
Care providers see testing as the single most important tool.
护理提供者将测试视为最重要的工具。
Many care providers see testing as the single most important tool.
许多护理提供者将测试视为最重要的工具。
--TN--
#13:
To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function independently during brain development.
为了测试该放大镜，研究人员确定了在大脑发育过程中独立发挥作用的基因外显子簇。
To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function independently.
为了测试该放大镜，研究人员确定了独立起作用的基因外显子簇。
--FN--
#14:
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures including a quarantine and studies of its natural enemies to prevent further spread of new invasive plant pests.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他措施，包括检疫和研究其天敌，以防止新的入侵植物害虫的进一步传播。
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures including a quarantine and studies of its natural enemies.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他措施，包括隔离和研究其天敌。
--TN--
#15:
Many state public health authorities and nursing homes have ongoing reservations about the rapid tests.
许多州公共卫生当局和疗养院对快速检测持保留态度。
Many state public health authorities have ongoing reservations about the rapid tests.
许多州公共卫生当局对快速检测持保留态度。
--TN--
#16:
While the number of deaths recorded is higher than previous years, there is often an increase at the beginning of the week due to delays in weekend reporting.
虽然记录的死亡人数高于前几年，但由于周末报告的延迟，本周初往往会增加。
While the number of deaths recorded is higher than previous years, there is often an increase at the beginning of the week.
虽然记录的死亡人数高于前几年，但在本周初往往会增加。
--FN--
#17:
But the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large, expensive and not widely used.
但是，可以进行这种手术的遥控机器人通常非常大，价格昂贵且未广泛使用。
But the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large, expensive.
但是可以进行这种手术的遥控机器人通常非常大，价格昂贵。
--TN--
#18:
Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England, as a way to reduce the current 14-day quarantine.
将向在英国检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者提供每日冠状病毒检测，以减少目前14天的隔离期。
Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England.
将向在英国检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者提供每日冠状病毒检测。
--TN--
#19:
Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England, as a way to reduce the required 14-day quarantine.
将向在英国检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者提供每日冠状病毒检测，以减少所需的14天隔离。
Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England.
将向在英国检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者提供每日冠状病毒检测。
--TN--
#20:
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the day, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their pets first before cleaning their pets.
孙说，宠物主人应该避免他们的宠物在白天与其他宠物或人类发生不必要的接触，当从外面回家时，宠物主人应该在清洁宠物之前先清洗宠物。
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the day, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their pets first.
孙说，宠物主人应该避免他们的宠物在白天与其他宠物或人类发生不必要的接触，当从外面回家时，宠物主人应该先清洗他们的宠物。
--TN--
#21:
The public urgently needs to treat Covid-19 as the health emergency it is to save the health care system from being overwhelmed, the health minister said.
卫生部长说，公众迫切需要将Covid-19视为卫生紧急情况，以挽救医疗保健系统免于不堪重负。
The public urgently needs to treat Covid-19 as the health emergency it is to save the health care system from being overwhelmed.
公众迫切需要将Covid-19视为卫生紧急情况，以挽救医疗保健系统免于不堪重负。
--TN--
#22:
However, even so, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest level of Covid-19.
但是，即便如此，在医院或疗养院进行测试也可以防止Covid-19最高水平的人群中爆发。
However, even so, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people.
然而，即便如此，在医院或疗养院进行测试也可以防止在人群中爆发疫情。
--FP--
#23:
In this brief film we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their physical health, including looks, even as they burn the candle.
在這部簡短的電影中，我們看到了20多歲的中國人種型的心態，他們熱愛夜生活，但即使他們燒燭燭，也打算保持身體健康，包括外表。
In this brief film we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their physical health, including looks.
在这部简短的电影中，我们看到了20多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心想保持自己的身体健康，包括外表。
--FN--
#24:
As officials began to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the flu surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
随着官员们开始警告在流感激增的情况下在假期旅行，卫生专家也在调查病毒对儿童的影响。
As officials began to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the flu surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact.
随着官员们开始警告在流感激增的情况下在假期旅行，卫生专家也在调查病毒的影响。
--TN--
#25:
In the tomato, as well as being attacked by the bacteria, the holes and spaces formed by the bacteria eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato, causing it to die.
在番茄中，除了受到细菌的攻击外，细菌吞噬者形成的孔洞和空间可以邀请继发性病原体进入番茄，导致其死亡。
In the tomato, as well as being attacked by the bacteria, the holes and spaces formed by the bacteria eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato.
在番茄中，以及受到细菌的攻击，细菌吞噬者形成的孔和空间可以邀请继发性病原体进入番茄。
--TN--
#26:
Those living under level four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the city, and to keep quiet within the area to an absolute minimum.
建议那些生活在四级限制下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行，并在该地区保持安静到绝对最低限度。
Those living under level four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the city, and to keep quiet.
建议那些生活在四级限制下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行，并保持安静。
--TN--
#27:
In this final scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are focused on preserving their physical health, and looks, even as they burn the candle at both ends.
在最后一个场景中，我们看到了20多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但专注于保持自己的身体健康和外表，即使他们在两端燃烧蜡烛。
In this final scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are focused on preserving their physical health, and looks, even as they burn the candle.
在最后一个场景中，我们看到了20多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但专注于保持自己的身体健康和外表，即使他们燃烧蜡烛。
--TN--
#28:
Seventy percent of the new sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and another 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation, with average sleep of five hours or less.
百分之七十的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡七个小时，另有8%的人说他们患有严重的睡眠剥夺，平均睡眠时间为五小时或更短。
Seventy percent of the new sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and another 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation.
百分之七十的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡七个小时，另有8%的人表示他们患有严重的睡眠剥夺。
--TN--
#29:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a range of symptoms, from no signs of illness at all to serious problems, such as death.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状，从根本没有疾病迹象到严重的问题，例如死亡。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a range of symptoms, from no signs of illness at all to serious problems.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状，从根本没有疾病迹象到严重问题。
--TN--
#30:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an instruction manual and sample designs for pocket, container and community use.
每个试剂盒都包含一包什锦蔬菜种子、一本说明手册和样品设计，供口袋、容器和社区使用。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an instruction manual and sample designs for pocket, container.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦蔬菜种子、一本说明手册和口袋、容器的样品设计。
--FN--
#31:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can show a number of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems, such as blindness.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知容易受到冠状病毒的影响，并且像人类一样，它们可以表现出许多症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重的问题，例如失明。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can show a number of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像人类一样，它们可以表现出许多症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重问题。
--TN--
#32:
He emphasizes that this year, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made way for the laying of the new court.
他强调，今年，在省体育局和当地警察的帮助下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，为新球场的铺设让路。
He emphasizes that this year, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn.
他强调，今年，在省体育局和当地警方的帮助下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓。
--TN--
#33:
Until and unless the vaccination can happen, society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to combat the virus and stop the spread.
除非能够接种疫苗，否则社会需要使用其他武器来对抗病毒并阻止传播。
Until and unless the vaccination can happen, society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to combat the virus.
除非能够接种疫苗，否则社会需要使用其他武器来对抗病毒。
--TN--
#34:
With earlier doubts and fears now all but gone, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she says, and acknowledges that it had become increasingly addictive.
她说，由于早期的怀疑和恐惧几乎消失了，她现在对小整形手术感到放心，并承认它变得越来越容易上瘾。
With earlier doubts and fears now all but gone, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she says.
她说，由于之前的怀疑和恐惧现在几乎消失了，她现在对小整容手术感到放心。
--TN--
#35:
Those lags could have devastating consequences, because even one undetected person can quietly but rapidly trigger a new outbreak.
这些滞后可能会产生毁灭性的后果，因为即使是一个未被发现的人也可以悄悄但迅速地引发新的爆发。
Those lags could have devastating consequences, because even one undetected person can quietly.
这些滞后可能会产生毁灭性的后果，因为即使是一个未被发现的人也可以悄悄地。
--TN--
#36:
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during the quarantines.
他说，猫和狗在隔离期间为它们的主人提供了陪伴。
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners.
他说，猫和狗为它们的主人提供了陪伴。
--TN--
#37:
Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of greater compliance.
一些人呼吁进行更多的隔离，认为较短的隔离将更有效地控制病毒的传播，因为遵守程度更高。
Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus.
一些人呼吁进行更多的隔离，认为缩短隔离时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。
--FP--
#38:
The EU started to co-ordinate the purchasing of personal protective equipment ( PPE ), testing kits and equipment in February.
欧盟于2月开始协调个人防护装备（PPE）、检测试剂盒和装备的采购。
The EU started to co-ordinate the purchasing of personal protective equipment ( PPE ), testing kits and equipment.
欧盟开始协调个人防护装备（PPE）、检测试剂盒和设备的采购。
--TN--
#39:
Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy, learning difficulties and sleep disorders when she was rendered unconscious, an inquest heard.
一名专科护理单位的工作人员在一名患有癫痫，学习困难和睡眠障碍的妇女失去知觉时没有试图复苏。
Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy, learning difficulties and sleep disorders when she was rendered unconscious.
专科护理单位的工作人员在一名患有癫痫，学习困难和睡眠障碍的妇女失去知觉时，没有试图复苏。
--TN--
#40:
The report said since the start of the war adverse trends in poverty, particularly, employment and poor health for children and young people had worsened.
报告说，自战争开始以来，贫困的不利趋势，特别是就业以及儿童和年轻人的健康状况不佳已经恶化。
The report said since the start of the war adverse trends in poverty, particularly, employment and poor health for children had worsened.
报告说，自战争开始以来，贫困的不利趋势，特别是就业和儿童健康状况不佳的情况恶化。
--TN--
#41:
Those lags could have devastating consequences, because even one undetected person can quietly but rapidly trigger a broad outbreak.
这些滞后可能会产生毁灭性的后果，因为即使是一个未被发现的人也可以悄悄但迅速地引发广泛的爆发。
Those lags could have devastating consequences, because even one undetected person can quietly.
这些滞后可能会产生毁灭性的后果，因为即使是一个未被发现的人也可以悄悄地。
--TN--
#42:
Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few small cuts, helping to improve patient recovery times and potential risk of infection.
锁孔手术只需几个小切口即可进行复杂的手术，有助于改善患者的恢复时间和潜在的感染风险。
Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few small cuts, helping to improve patient recovery times.
锁孔手术只需几个小切口即可进行复杂的手术，有助于改善患者的恢复时间。
--FN--
#43:
Scientists are locked in an ongoing battle to repel invasive plant species that damage China's ecosystem.
科学家们陷入了一场持续的战斗，以击退破坏中国生态系统的入侵植物物种。
Scientists are locked in an ongoing battle to repel invasive plant species.
科学家们陷入了一场持续的战斗，以击退入侵植物物种。
--TN--
#44:
To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations in biology, vol, agricultural science and computer science.
监测和控制外来入侵物种需要在生物学、体积、农业科学和计算机科学方面进行多学科合作。
To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations in biology, vol, agricultural science.
监测和控制外来入侵物种需要在生物学、资源、农业科学方面进行多学科合作。
--TN--
#45:
He emphasizes that this time, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
他强调，这一次，在省体育局和地方政府的帮助下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，并为八月份的网球场铺设腾出了空间。
He emphasizes that this time, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court.
他强调，这一次，在省体育局和地方政府的帮助下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，为网球场的铺设腾出了空间。
--TN--
#46:
He also announced that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art show, film festivals, a football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，成员国将举办艺术展、电影节、足球锦标赛和拳击比赛等活动。
He also announced that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art show, film festivals, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展、电影节、拳击比赛等活动。
--TN--
#47:
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures including plant control and control of its natural enemies to prevent further spread of new invasive plant pests.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术和预防措施，包括植物控制和控制其天敌，以防止新的入侵植物害虫的进一步传播。
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures including plant control and control of its natural enemies.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及预防措施，包括植物控制和控制其天敌。
--TN--
#48:
HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government issued new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a year.
HHS购买了数百万份快速检测试剂盒，分发给养老院，因为联邦政府发布了新的命令，要求这些设施每年至少对工作人员进行一次检测。
HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government issued new mandates for the facilities to test staffers.
HHS购买了数百万个快速测试，分发给养老院，因为联邦政府为测试工作人员的设施发布了新的授权。
--TP--
#49:
Those living under the four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area.
建议那些生活在这四项限制下的人避免任何不必要的旅行离开该地区。
Those living under the four restrictions would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel.
建议生活在这四项限制下的人避免任何不必要的旅行。
--TN--
#50:
He also said that the year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, a football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还表示，今年是上合组织成立20周年，成员国将举办艺术展览、音乐节、足球锦标赛和拳击比赛等活动。
He also said that the year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还表示，今年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览、音乐节、拳击比赛等活动。
--TN--
#51:
Until and unless mass destruction can happen, society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to combat the virus.
除非发生大规模杀伤性破坏，否则社会需要使用其掌握的其他武器来对抗病毒。
Until and unless mass destruction can happen, society needs to use the other weapons.
除非发生大规模杀伤性武器，否则社会需要使用其他武器。
--TN--
#52:
The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, education, employment and mental health for children had worsened.
该报告称，自大流行开始以来，贫困，教育，就业和儿童心理健康方面的不利趋势已经恶化。
The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, education, for children had worsened.
该报告称，自大流行开始以来，贫困，儿童教育的不利趋势已经恶化。
--TN--
#53:
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to harm their pets.
他说，在家庭隔离期间，猫和狗为主人提供了陪伴，他敦促主人不要伤害他们的宠物。
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines.
他说，在家庭隔离期间，猫和狗为主人提供了陪伴。
--TN--
#54:
He believes cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to harm their pets.
他认为，在家庭隔离期间，猫和狗为主人提供了陪伴，他敦促主人不要伤害他们的宠物。
He believes cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines.
他认为，在家庭隔离期间，猫和狗为主人提供了陪伴。
--TN--
#55:
The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by getting anyone who tests positive to isolate, without turning to strict controls.
希望这可以用来消除疫情，让任何检测呈阳性的人隔离，而无需转向严格的控制。
The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by getting anyone who tests positive to isolate.
希望这可以用来消除疫情，让任何检测呈阳性的人隔离。
--TN--
#56:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems, such as pneumonia.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以引起一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重的问题，如肺炎。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以引起一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重问题。
--TN--
#57:
The major barriers to the use of rapid testing seem to be a lack of guidance.
使用快速检测的主要障碍似乎是缺乏指导。
The major barriers to the use of rapid testing seem to be a lack of guidance on when and how to perform the tests.
使用快速测试的主要障碍似乎是缺乏关于何时以及如何执行测试的指导。
--TN--
#58:
China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural native range and which become problematic.
中国是一个受到外来入侵物种危害最大的国家，这些物种被意外或有意地引入其自然原生范围之外，并变得有问题。
China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural native range.
中国是一个受到外来入侵物种危害最大的国家，这些物种是意外或有意地在其自然原生范围之外引入的。
--TN--
#59:
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a number of symptoms, from no signs of disease at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以表现出许多症状，从根本没有疾病迹象到严重问题。
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a number of symptoms.
水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且喜欢它，它们可以表现出许多症状。
--TN--
#60:
HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to the staffers.
HHS购买了数百万个快速测试，分发给养老院，因为联邦政府对工作人员实施了新的设施要求。
HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates.
HHS购买了数百万个快速测试，以便在联邦政府实施新命令时分发给养老院。
--TP--
#61:
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures for plant quarantine and studies of its natural habitat to prevent further spread of new invasive insect species.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及预防措施，以进行植物检疫和对其自然栖息地的研究，以防止新的入侵昆虫物种的进一步传播。
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures for plant quarantine and studies of its natural habitat.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及预防措施，以进行植物检疫和对其自然栖息地的研究。
--TN--
#62:
Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy, learning difficulties and sleep apnoea when she was found out.
专科护理单位的工作人员在发现患有癫痫，学习困难和睡眠呼吸暂停的妇女时没有试图复苏。
Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy, learning difficulties and sleep apnoea.
专科护理单位的工作人员没有试图复苏患有癫痫，学习困难和睡眠呼吸暂停的女性。
--TN--
#63:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of illness at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知容易受到冠状病毒的影响，并且像人类一样，它们可以引起一系列症状，从根本没有疾病迹象到严重的问题。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can cause a range of symptoms.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像人类一样，它们会引起一系列症状。
--FN--
#64:
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures for plant quarantine and studies of its natural enemies.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他措施来进行植物检疫和研究其天敌。
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures for plant quarantine.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他植物检疫措施。
--N--
#65:
The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is required to determine whether similar findings would emerge among other groups of young men.
这些结果仅代表了九个海军陆战队的新兵班级，需要更多的研究来确定其他年轻人群体中是否会出现类似的发现。
The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is required to determine whether similar findings would emerge.
这些结果仅代表了九个海军陆战队的新兵类别，需要更多的研究来确定是否会出现类似的发现。
--N--
#66:
Europe's fur industry is back in the spotlight after Denmark's mass culling of millions of animals following an outbreak of disease at farms in the country.
在丹麦农场爆发疾病后大规模扑杀数百万只动物之后，欧洲的毛皮业重新成为人们关注的焦点。
Europe's fur industry is back in the spotlight after Denmark's mass culling of millions of animals.
在丹麦大规模扑杀数百万只动物之后，欧洲的毛皮业又回到了聚光灯下。
--FP--
#67:
The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, especially, physical and mental health for children and young adults had worsened.
报告说，自大流行开始以来，贫困的不利趋势，特别是儿童和年轻人的身心健康恶化。
The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, especially, physical and mental health for children had worsened.
该报告称，自大流行开始以来，贫困的不利趋势，特别是儿童的身心健康恶化。
--N--
#68:
Until and unless mass vaccination can begin, society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to combat the virus.
除非能够开始大规模疫苗接种，否则社会需要使用其他武器来对抗病毒。
Until and unless mass vaccination can begin, society needs to use the other weapons.
除非能够开始大规模疫苗接种，否则社会需要使用其他武器。
--N--
#69:
He also announced that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, film festivals, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览、电影节、拳击比赛等活动。
He also announced that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览、拳击比赛等活动。
--N--
#70:
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when returning home from outside, pet owners should clean their hands first before touching their pets.
孙说，宠物主人应避免宠物在大流行期间与其他宠物或人类发生不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人在触摸宠物之前应先洗手。
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when returning home from outside, pet owners should clean their hands first.
孙说，宠物主人应避免宠物在大流行期间与其他宠物或人类发生不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应首先清洁双手。
--TP--
#71:
As officials continued to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the storm surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact.
随着官员们继续警告在风暴潮期间旅行，卫生专家也在调查病毒的影响。
As officials continued to warn about traveling over the holidays, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact.
随着官员们继续警告在假期期间旅行，卫生专家也在调查病毒的影响。
--FN--
#72:
It also mentions that the year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art show, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
它还提到，今年是上合组织成立20周年，艺术展、拳击比赛等活动将在成员国举行。
It also mentions that the year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
它还提到，今年是上合组织成立20周年，拳击比赛将在成员国举行。
--N--
#73:
He said that this year, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the new court.
他说，今年，在省体育局和地方政府的帮助下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，为新球场的铺设腾出了空间。
He said that this year, with the help of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn.
他说，今年，在省体育局和地方政府的帮助下，他们终于拆毁了一个集体谷仓。
--N--
#74:
The public urgently needs to treat Covid-19 as the health emergency it is to protect the health care system from being overwhelmed, the health minister said.
卫生部长说，公众迫切需要将Covid-19视为卫生紧急情况，以保护医疗保健系统不堪重负。
The public urgently needs to treat Covid-19 as the health emergency it is to protect the health care system from being overwhelmed.
公众迫切需要将Covid-19视为卫生紧急情况，以保护医疗保健系统不堪重负。
--N--
#75:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems, such as death.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以引起一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重的问题，如死亡。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以引起一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重问题。
--N--
#76:
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures for plant quarantine and control of its natural enemies to prevent further spread of new invasive insect pests.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他措施来隔离和控制其天敌，以防止新的入侵性害虫的进一步传播。
It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and other measures for plant quarantine and control of its natural enemies.
这意味着需要有检测和监测技术以及其他措施来隔离和控制其天敌。
--N--
#77:
Using a cat teaser to simulate bird or tiny animal can let the cat enjoy the happiness of hunting, and sufficient and high quality exercise can simulate the behavior of biting people or destroying animals.
用猫咪预告片来模拟鸟类或小动物，可以让猫咪享受狩猎的快乐，而充足、高质量的运动可以模拟咬人或破坏动物的行为。
Using a cat teaser to simulate bird or tiny animal can let the cat enjoy the happiness of hunting, and sufficient and high quality exercise can simulate the behavior of biting people.
用猫咪预告片来模拟鸟儿或小动物，可以让猫咪享受狩猎的快乐，而充足、高质量的运动可以模拟咬人的行为。
--N--
#78:
He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the new court.
他强调，这一次，在省体育局和当地警察的支持下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，并为新球场的铺设腾出了空间。
He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn.
他强调，这一次，在省体育局和当地民警的支持下，他们终于拆毁了一个集体谷仓。
--N--
#79:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can exhibit a range of symptoms, from no signs of disease at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像人类一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状，从根本没有疾病迹象到严重问题。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can exhibit a range of symptoms.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像人类一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状。
--N--
#80:
A young transgender boy is starting legal proceedings against NHS England over transgender to gender reassignment treatment.
一名年轻的跨性别男孩正在对英国NHS就跨性别者进行性别重新分配待遇的法律诉讼。
A young transgender boy is starting legal proceedings against NHS England over transgender.
一名年轻的跨性别男孩正在对英国NHS跨性别者提起法律诉讼。
--FP--
#81:
We need more information on the vaccines.
我们需要更多关于疫苗的信息。
We need more information on the vaccines, who they are used for.
我们需要更多关于疫苗的信息，它们用于谁。
--N--
#82:
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms, from no signs of life at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们会引起一系列症状，从根本没有生命迹象到严重的问题。
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can cause a range of symptoms.
水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且喜欢它，它们会引起一系列症状。
--FP--
#83:
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems, such as blindness.
水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重的问题，如失明。
Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can show a range of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe problems.
众所周知，水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样，对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以表现出一系列症状，从根本没有感染迹象到严重问题。
--N--
#84:
Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets, on feed or bedding, or in dust and droppings.
科学家怀疑该病毒通过传染性飞沫，饲料或垫料或灰尘和粪便在水貂养殖场传播。
Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets, on feed or bedding.
科学家怀疑该病毒通过饲料或垫料上的传染性飞沫在水貂养殖场传播。
--N--
#85:
He also said that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, film festival, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还表示，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览、电影节、拳击比赛等活动。
He also said that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还表示，明年是上合组织成立20周年，艺术展览、拳击比赛等活动将在成员国举行。
--N--
#86:
To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations including research, education, agricultural research.
监测和控制外来入侵物种需要多学科合作，包括研究、教育、农业研究。
To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations including research, education.
监测和控制外来入侵物种需要多学科合作，包括研究、教育。
--N--
#87:
He also announced that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, a football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，成员国将举办艺术展览、音乐节、足球比赛和拳击比赛等活动。
He also announced that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
他还宣布，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览、音乐节、拳击比赛等活动。
--N--
#88:
The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of research in oncology, respectively.
除了肿瘤学研究组合外，该公司还将重点介绍这一点，以及其自己的COVID-19疫苗和疫苗计划。
The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of research in oncology.
除了肿瘤学研究组合外，该公司还将强调这一点，以及其自己的COVID-19疫苗和疫苗计划。
--N--
#89:
He said that this year, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn and made way for the laying of the new court in August.
他说，今年，在省体育局和地方政府的支持下，他们终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，为8月新法院的铺设让路。
He said that this year, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments, they finally tore down a collective barn and made way for the laying of the new court.
他说，今年，在省体育局和地方政府的支持下，他们终于拆除了集体谷仓，为新球场的铺设让路。
--FP--
#90:
It also mentions that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
它还提到明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览，音乐节，学生足球锦标赛和拳击比赛等活动。
It also mentions that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, music festivals, boxing tournament will be held in member countries.
它还提到，明年是上合组织成立20周年，将在成员国举办艺术展览，音乐节，拳击比赛等活动。
--N--
#91:
The major barriers to the use of rapid testing seem to be a lack of guidance on when and how to run the tests, together with concerns about their accuracy.
使用快速测试的主要障碍似乎是缺乏关于何时以及如何运行测试的指导，以及对测试准确性的担忧。
The major barriers to the use of rapid testing seem to be a lack of guidance on when and how to run the tests.
使用快速测试的主要障碍似乎是缺乏关于何时以及如何运行测试的指导。
--N--
#92:
Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few access cuts, helping to improve patient recovery times and reduce risk of infection.
锁孔手术只需几个通道即可进行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者的恢复时间并降低感染风险。
Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few access cuts, helping to improve patient recovery times.
锁孔手术只需几个通道即可进行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者的恢复时间。
--FN--
#93:
We need more information on the vaccines, who they are good for and whether they protect against transmission or infection.
我们需要更多关于疫苗的信息，它们对谁有益，以及它们是否可以防止传播或感染。
We need more information on the vaccines, who they are good for and whether they protect against transmission.
我们需要更多关于疫苗的信息，它们对谁有益，以及它们是否能防止传播。
--N--
#94:
He said cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during the quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets.
他说，猫和狗在隔离期间为主人提供了陪伴，他敦促主人不要抛弃他们的宠物。
He said cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during the quarantines.
他说，猫和狗在隔离期间为主人提供了陪伴。
--N--
#95:
In this final scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on improving their physical health, and looks, even as they burn the candle at both ends.
在最后一个场景中，我们看到了20多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心想改善自己的身体健康和外表，即使他们在两端燃烧蜡烛。
In this final scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on improving their physical health, and looks, even as they burn the candle.
在最后一个场景中，我们看到了20多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但即使燃烧蜡烛，他们也打算改善自己的身体健康和外表。
--N--
#96:
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can have a range of symptoms, from no signs of life at all to severe problems.
水貂和它们最亲近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且像它一样，它们可以有一系列症状，从根本没有生命迹象到严重的问题。
Mink, like their closest relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like it, they can have a range of symptoms.
水貂和它们最近的亲戚雪貂一样，已知对冠状病毒敏感，并且喜欢它，它们可能有一系列症状。
--N--
#97:
They are introduced under natural, accidental and intentional conditions, and sometimes a combination of the three.
它们是在自然，偶然和有意的条件下引入的，有时是三者的结合。
They are introduced under natural, accidental and intentional conditions.
它们是在自然，偶然和有意的条件下引入的。
--N--
#98:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an illustrated brochure and sample designs for seeds, etc.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦蔬菜种子、一本插图小册子和种子样品设计等。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an illustrated brochure and sample designs for seeds.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦蔬菜种子、一本插图小册子和种子样品设计。
--FN--
#99:
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for use, container and community gardens.
每个工具包都包含一包各种蔬菜种子，说明手册和样品设计，用于容器和社区花园。
Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds, an instruction brochure and sample designs for use, container.
每个试剂盒包含一包什锦蔬菜种子、说明手册和样品设计，容器。
--FP--
