#0:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战，支出审查将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战。
--TN--
#1:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，支出审查可能会变得艰难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会对他的支出计划带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#2:
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the Christmas and Halloween holidays.
马凯特市政厅的办公室，彼得怀特公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心，市政服务中心和湖景竞技场将在圣诞节和万圣节假期关闭。
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the holidays.
马凯特市政厅，彼得怀特公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心，市政服务中心和湖景竞技场的办公室将在假期关闭。
--TN--
#3:
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective when treatments are available.
他们警告说，对COVID-19阴谋论的广泛信念可能会使这些运动在获得治疗时效果降低。
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective.
他们警告说，对COVID-19阴谋论的广泛信念可能会使这些运动的效果降低。
--TN--
#4:
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules, which was disrupted by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新开始了对新财政规则的讨论，该规则在今年年初被大流行所扰乱。
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules.
部长们重新开始讨论新的财政规则。
--TP--
#5:
This summer has witnessed several severe floods.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水。
This summer has witnessed several severe floods and two typhoons.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水和两次台风。
--TN--
#6:
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters to two deputies.
周四，一名圣克劳德妇女在将她的三个十几岁的女儿嫖妓到两名副手后被捕。
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters.
周四，一名圣克劳德妇女在与三个十几岁的女儿卖淫后被捕。
--FP--
#7:
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the city is testing.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着该市的前景正在经受考验。
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--TN--
#8:
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China despite some challenging moments during the year.
新西兰的选举几乎不会改变该国与中国历史的主要进程，尽管在这一年中出现了一些具有挑战性的时刻。
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China.
新西兰的选举几乎不会改变该国与中国历史的主要进程。
--TN--
#9:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中国企业的工作人员遵守奥地利警方的规定，留在家中保护他们的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中国企业的工作人员遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--TN--
#10:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成新的挑战。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#11:
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain and introduce distance learning.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，而中学将保留并引入远程学习。
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，中学将继续开放。
--TN--
#12:
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons to attract students to the country.
他说，出于经济原因，英国大学现在正在安排包机，以吸引学生到该国。
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons.
他说，出于经济原因，英国大学现在正在安排包机。
--TN--
#13:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations at the core.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护以联合国为核心的国际秩序和体系。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，与联合国一道坚定地维护国际秩序和体系。
--FN--
#14:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness, industrialization and regional integration.
该报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济，竞争力，工业化和区域一体化的基本组成部分。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
该报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济的基本组成部分，即竞争力。
--TN--
#15:
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period, it said.
它说，如果金融机构和其他人在45天的报告期后与指定人员进行交易，他们可能会面临二级制裁。
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period.
如果金融机构和其他人在45天报告期后与指定人员进行交易，则可能面临次级制裁。
--FP--
#16:
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible because they lack the receptor to which the virus attaches.
尽管有报道称动物感染了这种病毒，例如荷兰农场的水貂，但Paavilainen说，狗不易感，因为它们缺乏病毒附着的受体。
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible.
尽管有报道称动物感染了这种病毒，例如荷兰农场的水貂，但Paavilainen说狗不易感。
--TN--
#17:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来重大挑战。
--TN--
#18:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans, adding that the security review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成新的挑战，并补充说，安全审查将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成新的挑战。
--TN--
#19:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation, rising housing costs and a strained economic system.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP，根据现行法规，这将导致人口过剩，住房成本上升和经济体系紧张。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP，根据现行规定，这将导致人口过剩。
--TN--
#20:
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen attacked the university on Monday.
周一，当三名枪手袭击该大学时，至少有22人被杀，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有22人被杀，其中大多数是儿童，另有27人受伤。
--FP--
#21:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative, first lady Melania Trump posted a family health report.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦特朗普患有COVID-19，没有症状，现在是阴性的，第一夫人梅拉尼娅特朗普发布了一份家庭健康报告。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦特朗普患有COVID-19，没有症状，现在是阴性。
--TN--
#22:
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event in these hard times.
他对活动组织者在这些困难时期主办这次活动表示感谢。
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event.
他对活动组织者主办这次活动表示感谢。
--TN--
#23:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对他的支出计划构成重大挑战，支出审查将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对他的支出计划构成重大挑战。
--TN--
#24:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
Tsiodras警告说，未来几个月医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不仅限于老年人。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
Tsiodras警告说，未来几个月医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员不会受到限制。
--TN--
#25:
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible, and most sporting and leisure facilities to be mothballed.
封锁将于周四开始，要求关闭非必要的商店，如果可能的话，在家工作，大多数体育和休闲设施将被封存。
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible.
封锁将于周四开始，要求关闭非必要的商店，如果可能的话，在家工作。
--TN--
#26:
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition ahead of the Saturday elections.
这一决定导致他的政党在周六选举前与反对派发生冲突。
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition.
这一决定导致他的政党与反对派之间的冲突。
--TN--
#27:
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the night of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统表示，几周前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不记得他是否在第一次总统辩论当晚接受了检测。
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统表示，几周前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不记得自己是否接受过检测。
--TN--
#28:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦特朗普患有COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在正在进行测试，梅拉尼娅特朗普夫人周三发布了家庭健康更新。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦特朗普患有COVID-19，没有症状，现在进行了测试，梅拉尼娅特朗普夫人发布了家庭健康更新。
--TN--
#29:
However, some households will be banned from mixing, although support bubbles and childcare bubbles will continue.
然而，一些家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持泡沫和儿童护理泡沫将继续存在。
However, some households will be banned from mixing.
但是，一些家庭将被禁止混合。
--TN--
#30:
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal spending.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪（Steven Kennedy）在最近的一次演讲中敦促政府降低财政支出的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪（Steven Kennedy）在最近的一次演讲中敦促政府降低门槛。
--TN--
#31:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展的基本组成部分，工业化和经济一体化。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展的基本组成部分。
--TN--
#32:
They had logged on to the government website to find one, but were told that because their names and addresses could not be found.
他们登录政府网站寻找一个，但被告知，因为他们的名字和地址找不到。
They had logged on to the government website to find one.
他们登录政府网站找到一个。
--TN--
#33:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness, industrialization and european integration.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲发展、竞争力、工业化和欧洲一体化的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲发展和竞争力的基本组成部分。
--TN--
#34:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death because of COVID-19 infection.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格的措施，旨在限制人类冠状病毒在因COVID-19感染而感染和死亡后的传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格的措施，旨在限制人类冠状病毒在感染和死亡后的传播。
--TN--
#35:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管COVID-19大流行，美国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助成千上万的中国学生留在该国。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country.
美国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助成千上万的中国学生留在该国。
--TN--
#36:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was affected by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年早些时候受到大流行影响的财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新开始讨论财政规则。
--TN--
#37:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to ensure their safety.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和当地华人社区的警察遵守奥地利警方的规定，待在家里，以确保他们的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促当地华人社区的中国居民、学生和警察遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--TN--
#38:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，使人们能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和控制他们的环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，使人们能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和控制他们的环境。
--TN--
#39:
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管COVID-19大流行，英国的许多大学仍在包机，以帮助将数千名新生带到该国的大学。
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country.
英国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助将数千名新生带到该国的大学。
--TN--
#40:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择来控制这种病毒是正确的。
--TN--
#41:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans, adding that the spending budget is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对支出计划构成重大挑战，并补充说支出预算将变得困难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对支出计划构成重大挑战。
--TN--
#42:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was caused by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年年初大流行造成的财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新开始讨论财政规则。
--TN--
#43:
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks.
财政政策总是对大冲击做出反应。
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks but there is now a crisis.
财政政策总是对大冲击做出反应，但现在出现了危机。
--N--
#44:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the university on Monday.
周一，当三名枪手袭击该大学时，至少有22人（全是学生）被杀，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有22人，全部是学生，被杀，另有27人受伤。
--N--
#45:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦特朗普患有COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在检测呈阴性，首先是在梅拉尼娅特朗普周三发布家庭健康更新之后。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普最小的儿子巴伦·特朗普（Barron Trump）患有COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在检测呈阴性，首先是在梅拉尼娅·特朗普（Melania Trump）发布家庭健康更新之后。
--TP--
#46:
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons to bring students to the university.
它说，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机将学生带到大学。
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons.
它说，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机。
--N--
#47:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助带来数千名中国学生。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights.
美国的许多大学都在包机。
--N--
#48:
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate and to promote macroeconomic stability.
俄罗斯当局正在设法尽量减少外汇汇率的波动，并促进宏观经济稳定。
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate.
俄罗斯当局正在设法尽量减少外汇汇率的波动。
--N--
#49:
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
Tsiodras表示，未来几个月医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不仅限于老年人。
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
Tsiodras表示，未来几个月医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员不会受到限制。
--N--
#50:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system with the United Nations.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，与联合国一道坚定维护国际法和国际法体系。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护国际法和国际体系。
--FN--
#51:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成重大挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
--N--
#52:
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights for similar reasons.
它表示，出于类似原因，英国大学也在安排包机。
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights.
它说，英国大学也在安排包机。
--N--
#53:
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary rather than just after a large shock such as the pandemic.
他说，此举将使政府能够在必要时提振经济，而不仅仅是在大流行等重大冲击之后。
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary.
他说，此举将允许政府在必要时提振经济。
--N--
#54:
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the future is testing.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着未来的前景正在经受考验。
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--N--
#55:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to the spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来新的挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--N--
#56:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，使机器能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和感知其环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，使机器能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和感知其环境。
--FN--
#57:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments, and consequently take specific actions to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，允许机器采用类似人类的智能来理解和理解它们的环境，从而采取特定行动来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，允许机器采用类似人类的智能来理解和理解它们的环境。
--FN--
#58:
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies and Biden supporting them.
COVID-19大流行一直是主要的竞选问题，特朗普捍卫其政府的政策，拜登支持这些政策。
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies.
COVID-19大流行一直是主要的竞选问题，特朗普捍卫了他的政府的政策。
--FN--
#59:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统表示，几个月前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不能说他是否在第一次总统辩论当天接受了检测。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested.
特朗普总统表示，几个月前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，无法说出他是否接受了检测。
--FP--
#60:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans from descending into poverty.
国会对春季冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应使成千上万的美国人免于陷入贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans.
国会对春季冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应使成千上万的美国人幸免于难。
--FN--
#61:
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials.
这要归功于我们县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作。
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who worked quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task.
这要归功于我们县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作，他们迅速承担并完成了这样一项重大任务。
--N--
#62:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level, with strong national action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我认为，在强有力的国家行动和强有力的地方领导下，尽一切可能的选择，在基本层面上控制这种病毒是正确的。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择来从根本上控制这种病毒是正确的。
--FP--
#63:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security, healthcare and financial markets.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以寻求解决一些最紧迫问题的方法，例如粮食安全，医疗保健和金融市场。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以寻求解决一些最紧迫的问题，如粮食安全。
--N--
#64:
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday in a bid to prevent the resurgence of the coronavirus.
这一呼吁发出之际，英格兰将从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁状态，以防止冠状病毒的卷土重来。
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday.
这一呼吁是在英格兰将从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁之际发出的。
--N--
#65:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which claimed current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP，该党声称现行法规将导致人口过剩。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP。
--N--
#66:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong community action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我觉得尝试一切可能的选择，在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的，有强有力的社区行动和强有力的地方领导。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我觉得尝试一切可能的选择在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--N--
#67:
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home if needed.
封锁将于周四开始，要求关闭非必要的商店，如果需要，人们可以在家工作。
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home.
封锁将于周四开始，要求关闭非必要的商店，人们在家工作。
--N--
#68:
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen when England's lockdown begins.
预计当英格兰开始封锁时，所有地区的健身房和非必要设施都将被允许重新开放。
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen.
预计所有区域的健身房和非必要设施将被允许重新开放。
--N--
#69:
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战，并补充说，支出审查可能会变得艰难。
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans.
他还警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战。
--N--
#70:
The money will fund space and civil defence projects such as an air intelligence agency.
这笔资金将用于太空和民防项目，如空中情报机构。
The money will fund space and civil defence projects.
这笔钱将用于太空和民防项目。
--N--
#71:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students to study in the country.
美国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助数千名中国学生到中国学习。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学正在包机，以帮助带来数千名中国学生。
--N--
#72:
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first televised debate.
唐纳德·特朗普说，几周前大麻检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得他是否在第一次电视辩论当天接受了检测。
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
唐纳德·特朗普说，几周前大麻检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得自己是否接受了检测。
--N--
#73:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans from poverty into poverty.
国会在春季对冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应影响了数百万美国人从贫困到贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans.
国会在春季对冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应影响了数百万美国人。
--N--
#74:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the school on Monday.
周一，当三名枪手冲进学校时，至少有22人（全是学生）被杀，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有22人，全部是学生，被杀，另有27人受伤。
--N--
#75:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days, and that the admissions will not be confined.
Tsiodras警告说，医疗保健系统将在未来几天内面临更大的压力，并且入院人数不会受到限制。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days.
Tsiodras警告说，医疗保健系统将在未来几天内面临更大的压力。
--N--
#76:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲经济和竞争力的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#77:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending review is going to be hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成新的挑战，并补充说，支出审查将很困难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成新的挑战。
--N--
#78:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive on the day of the first televised debate.
特朗普总统表示，他在几年前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后感觉良好，并且不记得他在第一次电视辩论当天是否呈阳性。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive.
特朗普总统表示，几年前对Covid-19检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不记得他是否呈阳性。
--N--
#79:
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam with the release of a report that envisages a continent-wide market.
非洲改善其能源部门并将更多家庭和企业与电力供应联系起来的计划正在随着一份设想整个非洲大陆市场的报告的发布而获得动力。
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam.
非洲改善其能源部门并将更多家庭和企业连接到电力供应的计划正在积聚动力。
--TP--
#80:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations because of COVID-19 skyrocketed.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格的措施，以防止新型冠状病毒在因COVID-19而感染和住院后传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格的措施，以防止新型冠状病毒在感染和住院后传播。
--N--
#81:
At least 22 people, including students, were killed and another 27 injured.
包括学生在内的至少22人被杀，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, including students, were killed.
包括学生在内的至少22人被杀。
--N--
#82:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today, industrialization and economic growth.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是当今非洲经济、工业化和经济增长的一个基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是当今非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#83:
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold for the stimulus.
外交大臣史蒂文·肯尼迪（Steven Kennedy）在最近的一次演讲中要求政府降低刺激措施的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold.
外交大臣史蒂文·肯尼迪（Steven Kennedy）在最近的一次演讲中要求政府降低门槛。
--N--
#84:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security, healthcare and financial security.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案，例如国家安全，医疗保健和金融安全。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为国家安全等一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案。
--N--
#85:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共卫生计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会对公共卫生计划构成新的挑战。
--N--
#86:
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings like kisses and hugs.
该指南表示，该病毒仅通过呼吸呼吸道飞沫，在受污染的表面上以及亲吻和拥抱等常见问候来传播。
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings.
该指南表示，该病毒仅通过呼吸道飞沫，受污染的表面和常见的问候来传播。
--N--
#87:
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls after their second planned debate was over.
民主党总统候选人乔·拜登（Joe Biden）周四抨击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对冠状病毒大流行的处理方式，因为两位候选人在第二次计划的辩论结束后正在电视转播的市政厅进行决斗。
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls.
民主党总统候选人乔·拜登（Joe Biden）周四抨击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对冠状病毒大流行的处理方式，因为两位候选人正在电视转播的市政厅进行决斗。
--FN--
#88:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲转型、工业化和经济一体化的基本组成部分。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲转型的基本组成部分。
--N--
#89:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages, healthcare and financial problems.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，例如粮食短缺，医疗保健和金融问题。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，例如粮食短缺。
--N--
#90:
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings in the area.
在该地区共有八座倒塌的建筑物中，搜救行动一直在昼夜不停地进行。
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings.
搜救行动在总共八座倒塌的建筑物中昼夜不停地进行。
--FN--
#91:
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook for the sector is testing.
因此，失业率上升和小企业面临的新挑战意味着该行业的前景正在经受考验。
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook.
因此，失业率上升和小企业面临的新挑战意味着前景。
--N--
#92:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however, development and economic integration.
该报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲转型的基本组成部分，然而，发展和经济一体化。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however.
然而，该报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲转型的基本组成部分。
--FN--
#93:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security, healthcare and social services.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，例如信息安全，医疗保健和社会服务。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security.
人工智能的快速增长为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，例如信息安全。
--N--
#94:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong local action and strong national leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我认为，在地方一级采取强有力的行动和强有力的国家领导，尽一切可能的选择来控制这种病毒是正确的。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这一决定，但我觉得尝试一切可能的选择在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--FP--
#95:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会对他的支出计划构成重大挑战，支出审查将变得艰难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会对他的支出计划构成重大挑战。
--N--
#96:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成重大挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
--N--
#97:
However, the households will be banned from mixing, although support groups and childcare bubbles will remain.
然而，这些家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持团体和儿童保育泡沫仍将存在。
However, the households will be banned from mixing.
但是，这些家庭将被禁止混合。
--N--
#98:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too, industrialization and european integration.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告也是非洲经济、工业化和欧洲一体化的一个基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告也是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#99:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential election.
特朗普总统表示，几周前艾滋病毒检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不记得自己是否在第一次总统选举当天接受了检测。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't  recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统表示，几周前艾滋病毒检测呈阳性后，他感觉良好，不记得自己是否接受了检测。
--N--
