#0:
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh, and with a taste that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，大量的中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸，肉质光滑坚硬的榴莲，味道不像较大的榴莲品种那样刺鼻。
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh.
Kraisorn说，大量的中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸，肉质光滑坚硬的榴莲。
--N--
#1:
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest, where you rule.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，只需远离市中心，进入您统治的宁静森林。
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，只需一步之遥，即可进入宁静的森林。
--N--
#2:
During the national day holiday, Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis.
在国庆节假期期间，新疆和宁夏是每年支出增长最快的两个目的地之一。
During the national day holiday, Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth.
在国庆节假期期间，新疆和宁夏是支出增长最快的两个目的地之一。
--N--
#3:
As the world turns in, the unique and ways that countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a lot about each nation's distinct character.
随着世界的依次回升，各国应对冠状病毒大流行的独特方式揭示了每个国家的独特特征。
As the world turns in, countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a lot about each nation's distinct character.
随着世界的到来，各国正在应对冠状病毒大流行，这揭示了每个国家的独特性格。
--FP--
#4:
The drop in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10-day period where, before their closure, Italy's cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists and visitors alike.
游客数量的下降导致了前所未有的10天时间，在关闭之前，意大利的文化景点为游客和游客提供了几乎私人访问的机会。
The drop in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10-day period where, before their closure, Italy's cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists.
游客数量的下降导致了前所未有的10天时间，在关闭之前，意大利的文化景点为游客提供了几乎私人访问的机会。
--N--
#5:
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试想法的地方，主要是教育，并希望建立一个社区。
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试想法的地方，主要是教育。
--N--
#6:
The Antarctic Sabbatical will give five people the opportunity .
南极休假将给五个人机会。
The Antarctic Sabbatical, as the travel channel is dubbing it, will give five people the opportunity.
正如旅游频道所称的南极休假，将给五个人机会。
--N--
#7:
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or handing over packets of pasta can paint a clear picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
关于清空超市货架或交出意大利面包的故事可以清楚地描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or handing over packets of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
关于清空超市货架或交出意大利面包的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
--N--
#8:
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over cans of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
关于清空超市货架或争论意大利面罐头的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
关于清空超市货架的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
--N--
#9:
Authorities around the city are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands to protect against the spread of the new coronavirus.
该市当局正试图将我们必须洗手以防止新型冠状病毒传播的信息带回家。
Authorities around the city are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands.
该市各地的当局正试图将我们必须洗手的信息锤炼回家。
--FP--
#10:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked rice and black beans.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡的米饭和黑豆发酵的米饭制成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked rice.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的米饭发酵米制成。
--N--
#11:
To understand the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest, where reindeer rule.
要了解芬兰罗瓦涅米的心脏地带，请远离市中心，进入驯鹿统治的宁静森林。
To understand the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest.
要了解芬兰罗瓦涅米的心脏地带，请远离市中心，进入宁静的森林。
--N--
#12:
A young chef at the Chairman spends more than a year practicing on the wok by cooking staff members before he or she is required to stir fry a dish.
主席的一位年轻厨师花了一年多的时间，在被要求炒菜之前，由烹饪人员在炒菜上练习。
A young chef at the Chairman spends more than a year practicing on the wok by cooking staff members.
主席的一位年轻厨师花了一年多的时间由烹饪人员在炒锅上练习。
--TP--
#13:
It also promotes cultural and academic exchange and enhances mutual understanding between China and the world.
它还促进了文化和学术交流，增进了中国与世界之间的相互了解。
It also promotes cultural and academic exchange and enhances mutual understanding.
它还促进文化和学术交流，增进相互了解。
--N--
#14:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable knowledge and knowledge that ultimately then can form solutions.
我们已经看到了当你培训和授权个人理解科学的力量时，他们可以产生宝贵的知识和知识，最终可以形成解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable knowledge.
我们已经看到了当你训练和授权个人理解科学的力量时，他们可以产生宝贵的知识。
--N--
#15:
It might be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place or people.
可以说，每一代伟大的作家不仅成功地唤起了一个地方或一个民族。
It might be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place.
可以说，每一代的伟大作家不仅成功地唤起了一席之地。
--FP--
#16:
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh, and with a taste that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，许多中国人更喜欢吃尺寸小，肉质洁白，奶油状的榴莲，味道不像较大的榴莲品种那样刺鼻。
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，许多中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸，白色和奶油状果肉的榴莲。
--N--
#17:
He first hand fries the finely chopped ingredients in the pan.
他亲手在锅里炸出切碎的食材。
He first hand fries the finely chopped ingredients.
他亲手炸碎的食材。
--FN--
#18:
The park will not serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km, becoming a major commercial and leisure center.
该公园将不为五公里内的居民和23公里内的社区提供服务，成为主要的商业和休闲中心。
The park will not serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km.
该公园将不为五公里内的居民和23公里内的社区提供服务。
--N--
#19:
Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to better preserve it during an all-expense paid expedition to Antarctica.
Airbnb为少数关心环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们有机会在对南极洲进行全费探险期间，参与科学研究，研究如何更好地保护环境。
Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to better preserve it.
Airbnb为少数关心环境的人提供了参与科学研究的机会，以更好地保护环境。
--N--
#20:
We need to cater for the market that suits different people and individual choices for our Chinese guests.
我们需要迎合适合不同人群和中国客人个人选择的市场。
We need to cater for the market that suits different people.
我们需要迎合适合不同人群的市场。
--N--
#21:
But most people recognise him for what he is, the Pied piper incarnate, sent by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite.
但大多数人都认出了他是什么，是哈梅林派来冒充它最喜欢的Pied吹笛手化身。
But most people recognise him for what he is, the Pied piper incarnate.
但大多数人都认出了他，因为他是Pied piper的化身。
--FP--
#22:
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including assorted mushrooms, and dried scallops and preserved red cabbage.
菜单目前提供几种不同的火锅基地，包括各种蘑菇，干扇贝和腌制的红甘蓝。
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including assorted mushrooms, and dried scallops.
菜单目前提供几种不同的火锅底料，包括各种蘑菇和干扇贝。
--N--
#23:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and a gram.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的米饭和一克的发酵面糊制成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的米饭发酵面糊制成。
--FN--
#24:
Airbnb is offering a handful of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in their research on how to help preserve it.
Airbnb为少数人提供了一个谈论环境的机会，让他们参与到如何帮助保护环境的研究中来。
Airbnb is offering a handful of people talking about the environment a chance.
Airbnb为少数人谈论环境提供了一个机会。
--N--
#25:
He and his family usually spend a day or two near the lake, which is refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine, he said.
他说，他和他的家人通常在湖边度过一两天，这是令人耳目一新的体验，空气和阳光充足。
He and his family usually spend a day or two near the lake, which is refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine.
他和他的家人通常在湖边度过一两天，这是令人耳目一新的体验，空气和阳光充足。
--N--
#26:
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are in place to protect their environment.
新近建成的海洋公園讓遊客可以通過一系列獨家优惠和其他戶外活動來放鬆並親近大自然，同時也確保有嚴格的反流行病法律來保護他們的環境。
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are in place.
新建的海洋公園讓遊客可以通過一系列獨家优惠和其他戶外活動，讓訪客們放鬆並親近大自然，同時又確保嚴格的反流行病法律到位。
--FP--
#27:
Airbnb is offering a lot of people concerned about the environment a chance to engage in scientific research on how to help preserve it during an all-expense paid trip to Antarctica.
Airbnb为许多关心环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们有机会在前往南极洲的全费旅行中参与科学研究，以帮助保护环境。
Airbnb is offering a lot of people concerned about the environment a chance to engage in scientific research on how to help preserve it.
Airbnb为许多关心环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们参与关于如何帮助保护环境的科学研究。
--N--
#28:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which had a different syntactical structure from spoken speech and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for someone without formal education.
例如，文学写作是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它具有与口语不同的句法结构，并且强烈引用了古代比喻和故事，这使得没有受过正规教育的人难以辨认。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which had a different syntactical structure from spoken speech and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文学写作是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它具有与口语不同的句法结构，并且强烈引用了古代比喻和故事。
--FN--
#29:
Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 50 tourist activities located in Jilin during the day, ranging from a traditional carnival to a music festival.
游客可以在白天沉浸在吉林的50多种旅游活动中，从传统的狂欢节到音乐节。
Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 50 tourist activities located in Jilin during the day.
游客白天可以沉浸在吉林的50多种旅游活动中。
--N--
#30:
All the varieties can be drunk, and we encourage diners to taste the broth before preparing the ingredients.
所有品种都可以饮用，我们鼓励食客在准备食材之前品尝肉汤。
All the varieties can be drunk, and we encourage diners to taste the broth.
所有品种都可以饮用，我们鼓励食客品尝肉汤。
--N--
#31:
This is the core of our service culture, a culture that anticipates your every need and an intimate connection.
这是我们服务文化的核心，这种文化可以预测您的每一个需求和亲密的联系。
This is the core of our service culture, a culture that anticipates your every need.
这是我们服务文化的核心，一种预测您的每一个需求的文化。
--N--
#32:
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business at a steady rate in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年以稳定的速度逐步恢复并进一步扩大了业务。
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年逐渐恢复并进一步扩大了业务。
--N--
#33:
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan mountain, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou and the serenity of Potala Palace.
最新的VR技术和3D拍摄，让您可以看到黄山壮丽的自然景观，颐和园的精美建筑，九寨沟的壮丽景色和布达拉宫的宁静。
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan mountain, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou.
最新的VR技术和3D拍摄，让人可以看到黄山壮丽的自然景观，颐和园的精美建筑，九寨沟的壮丽景色。
--N--
#34:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园，透过一系列独家优惠及其他户外活动，让游客尽情放松，亲近大自然，同时确保严格的防疫法例。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园让游客可以放松身心，并通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动更接近大自然。
--TP--
#35:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在信中，他写了与窃贼的磨合，这些窃贼留下了复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片，或者是一匹目光短浅的马。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card.
在信中，他写了与窃贼的磨合，他们留下了复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片。
--N--
#36:
Groups of friends and families are major forces behind bookings for the event, as college students account for a large proportion.
朋友和家人团体是预订该活动的主要力量，因为大学生占很大比例。
Groups of friends and families are major forces behind bookings for the event.
朋友和家人团体是预订该活动的主要力量。
--N--
#37:
In addition to swimming and fishing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing, kayaking and snorkeling.
除了游泳和钓鱼外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合帆船，皮划艇和浮潜等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to swimming and fishing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing.
除了游泳和钓鱼，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合帆船等水上运动而闻名。
--N--
#38:
Kraisorn said a significant number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with soft and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，相当多的中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸，肉质柔软奶油的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a significant number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size.
Kraisorn说，相当多的中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸的榴莲。
--N--
#39:
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including the mushrooms, golden dried fruit and preserved the cabbage.
菜单目前提供几种不同的火锅基地，包括蘑菇，金色干果和腌制卷心菜。
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including the mushrooms, golden dried fruit.
菜单目前提供几种不同的火锅底，包括蘑菇，金色干果。
--N--
#40:
Coffeehouses helped spread modern democracy, spur the revolution and birth periodical publications.
咖啡馆帮助传播现代民主，刺激革命和诞生期刊出版物。
Coffeehouses helped spread modern democracy, spur the revolution.
咖啡馆帮助传播现代民主，刺激革命。
--N--
#41:
We need to cater for the market.
我们需要迎合市场。
We need to cater for the market that has different lifestyles.
我们需要迎合具有不同生活方式的市场。
--N--
#42:
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn white garments and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible enemies.
他们负责组织向东的迁徙，据说他们穿着白色的衣服，演奏乐器来吸引潜在敌人的注意。
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn white garments and played an instrument.
他们负责组织向东的迁徙，据说他们穿着白色的衣服，演奏乐器。
--N--
#43:
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh, and with a smell that is not as bad as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，大量的中国人更喜欢吃尺寸小，果肉白色和奶油状的榴莲，并且气味不如较大的榴莲品种那么难闻。
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，大量的中国人更喜欢吃小尺寸的榴莲，果肉是白色和奶油状的。
--N--
#44:
That said, despite the oceans difference, an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one than it does to the English.
也就是说，尽管海洋不同，但爱尔兰口音通常与美国口音比英国人具有更多相似特征。
That said, despite the oceans difference, an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one.
也就是说，尽管海洋不同，但爱尔兰口音通常与美国口音具有更相似的特征。
--N--
#45:
Some claim they began in Belgium, where the salty delight was first introduced by American soldiers during World War i.
有些人声称他们始于比利时，在那里，咸味的喜悦是第一次世界大战期间美国士兵首次引入的。
Some claim they began in Belgium, where the salty delight was first introduced by American soldiers.
有些人声称他们始于比利时，那里的咸味喜悦最初是由美国士兵引入的。
--FN--
#46:
Stories people emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over cans of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
人们清空超市货架或为意大利面罐头争吵的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
Stories people emptying supermarket shelves can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
人们清空超市货架的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒爆发的画面。
--N--
#47:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism viable and profitable.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们正在尽一切努力使旅游业可行和有利可图。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism viable.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们正在尽一切努力使旅游业可行。
--N--
#48:
Responsible for meeting and greeting visiting groups and dignitaries, he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the city that draws most travellers here.
他负责会见和问候来访团体和政要，带领游览城市，体现了这座城市的持久地位，吸引了大多数游客。
Responsible for meeting and greeting visiting groups and dignitaries, he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the city.
他负责会见和问候来访团体和政要，带领游览城市，体现了这座城市的持久地位。
--N--
#49:
The region boasts abundant tourism resources.
该地区拥有丰富的旅游资源。
The region boasts abundant tourism resources and tourist destinations.
该地区拥有丰富的旅游资源和旅游目的地。
--N--
#50:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable results and data that ultimately then can find solutions.
我们已经看到了当你培训和授权个人理解科学的力量时，他们可以产生宝贵的结果和数据，最终可以找到解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable results.
我们已经看到了当你训练和授权个人理解科学的力量时，他们可以产生宝贵的结果。
--N--
#51:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and included myriad references to ancient tropes and stories, making it difficult for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与口语演讲类似的句法结构，并包括对古代比喻和故事的大量引用，这使得没有受过正规训练的人很难。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and included myriad references to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与口语类似的句法结构，并包括对古代比喻和故事的无数引用。
--FN--
#52:
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community where he could rule it.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试一个想法的地方，主要是通过教育，并希望建立一个他可以统治它的社区。
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试想法的地方，主要是教育，并希望建立一个社区。
--N--
#53:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to follow that we are doing everything to make it safe and sound.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运作，当然，这是我们遵循的信号之一，即我们正在尽一切努力使其安全无恙。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to follow that we are doing everything to make it safe.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运作，当然，这是我们遵循的信号之一，即我们正在尽一切努力使其安全。
--N--
#54:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked flour.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡面粉的发酵米饭制成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice.
Dosai是一种薄薄的南印度煎饼，由发酵米饭制成。
--N--
#55:
Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the loss caused by the game and have adopted favorable policies to boost consumption.
旅游玩家指望假期来弥补比赛造成的损失，并采取了有利的政策来促进消费。
Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the loss caused by the game.
旅游玩家指望假期来弥补比赛造成的损失。
--N--
#56:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate new information and data that ultimately then can create solutions.
我们已经看到了当你训练和授权个人理解科学的力量时，他们可以产生新的信息和数据，最终可以创造解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate new information.
我们已经看到了当你训练和授权个人理解科学时的力量，他们可以产生新的信息。
--N--
#57:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech.
例如，文学写作以古典风格或拉丁语撰写，其遵循与口语不同的句法模式。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin.
例如，文学写作以古典风格或拉丁语创作。
--N--
#58:
Tofu and duck blood in the Taiwan style are the highlight of the chinese soup base.
台湾风味的豆腐和鸭血是中式汤底的亮点。
Tofu and duck blood in the Taiwan style are the highlight.
台湾风味的豆腐和鸭血是亮点。
--N--
#59:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse that was driving local cars.
在信中，他写了与以复活节彩蛋为名片的窃贼的磨合，或者一匹驾驶当地汽车的短视马。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在信中，他写了与窃贼的磨合，这些窃贼留下了复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片，或者是一匹目光短浅的马。
--FP--
#60:
He first quickly fries the freshly chopped ingredients in the microwave, drying them before tossing them aside.
他首先在微波炉中快速炸开新鲜切碎的食材，晾干后再扔到一边。
He first quickly fries the freshly chopped ingredients in the microwave, drying them.
他首先在微波炉中快速炸开新鲜切碎的食材，并将它们干燥。
--FN--
#61:
With its many empty streets, dark history, colonial architecture and its seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but popular tourist attraction.
凭借其许多空旷的街道，黑暗的历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克是一个另类但受欢迎的旅游景点。
With its many empty streets, dark history, colonial architecture and its seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
凭借其众多空旷的街道，黑暗的历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克人是另一种氛围。
--TP--
#62:
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further developed its facilities at a faster pace in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年以更快的速度逐步恢复并进一步发展了其设施。
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further developed its facilities in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年逐渐恢复并进一步发展了其设施。
--N--
#63:
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan county, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou.
最新的VR技术和3D拍摄，可以看到黄山县壮丽的自然景观，颐和园的精美建筑，九寨沟的壮丽景色。
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan county, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace.
最新的VR技术和3D拍摄，让人可以看到黄山县田壮丽的自然景观，颐和园的精美建筑。
--N--
#64:
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社交距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，一项穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业的人。
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社交距离措施，一项穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业的人。
--N--
#65:
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law of generosity is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社交距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，穆斯林的慷慨法正在帮助拯救那些失业的人。
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社交距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，一项穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业的人。
--N--
#66:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing it to make tourism safe.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们这样做是为了使旅游业安全。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，当然这是我们对游客的好处之一。
--N--
#67:
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and resorts in the area around the lake has also grown significantly since then as compared with the early days of the COVID-19 project.
从那时起，与COVID-19项目的早期相比，入住湖周围地区的酒店和度假村的游客数量也显着增加。
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and resorts in the area around the lake has also grown significantly since then.
从那时起，入住湖周围地区的酒店和度假村的游客数量也显着增加。
--N--
#68:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and held myriad parallels to ancient tropes and stories, rendering it illegible for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文岩文创作的，它遵循与口语演讲类似的句法结构，与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处，这使得没有受过正规训练的人难以辨认。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and held myriad parallels to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与口语演讲类似的句法结构，并与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处。
--N--
#69:
With its eerie empty streets, and history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist destination.
凭借其令人毛骨悚然的空旷街道，历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克是一个另类但有益的旅游目的地。
With its eerie empty streets, and history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
凭借其令人毛骨悚然的空旷街道，历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克人是另类的。
--N--
#70:
The EIU predicts that the trends will continue, with companies prioritizing staples and home entertainment over the likes of netflix.
EIU预测，这种趋势将继续下去，公司优先考虑主食和家庭娱乐，而不是netflix等。
The EIU predicts that the trends will continue, with companies prioritizing staples and home entertainment.
EIU预测，这种趋势将继续下去，公司将优先考虑主食和家庭娱乐。
--N--
#71:
He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry, not just for his stock market insights, but also because of his ability to be calm and composed in stressful times.
他在酒店业赢得了广泛的赞誉，不仅因为他对股市的洞察力，还因为他在压力时期保持冷静和沉着的能力。
He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry, not just for his stock market insights, but also because of his ability to be calm and composed.
他在酒店业赢得了广泛的赞誉，不仅因为他对股市的洞察力，还因为他的冷静和沉着的能力。
--N--
#72:
Despite the impact of the coronavirus epidemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business in 2020.
尽管受到冠状病毒疫情的影响，希尔顿在2020年已逐步恢复并进一步扩大其业务。
Despite the impact of the coronavirus epidemic, hilton has gradually restored in 2020.
尽管受到冠状病毒流行的影响，但希尔顿在2020年逐渐恢复。
--FP--
#73:
Those who have previously visited the Schengen area and have a good visa history will be granted the opportunity to have a multiple-entry visa valid for up to five years.
那些以前访问过申根地区并具有良好签证历史的人将有机会获得有效期长达五年的多次入境签证。
Those who have previously visited the Schengen area and have a good visa history will be granted the opportunity to have a multiple-entry visa valid.
那些以前访问过申根地区并具有良好签证历史的人将有机会获得有效的多次入境签证。
--N--
#74:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a variety of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place to protect their environment.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园，透过各种独家优惠及全新户外活动，让旅客尽情放松，亲近大自然，同时确保采取严格的安全措施，保护环境。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a variety of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园，透过各种独家优惠及全新户外活动，让游客尽情放松，亲近大自然，同时确保已采取严格的安全措施。
--N--
#75:
With its many empty streets, no history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist attraction.
凭借其许多空旷的街道，没有历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克是一个另类但有益的旅游景点。
With its many empty streets, no history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
凭借其许多空旷的街道，没有历史，殖民时期的建筑和海滨位置，偏远的哥萨克是一个另类的。
--N--
#76:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly cooked and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice without burning it.
很难将每块米饭或面条稍微煮熟，并与其余的米饭均匀混合而不燃烧。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly cooked and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice.
很难将每块米饭或面条稍微煮熟并与其余的米饭均匀混合。
--N--
#77:
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh, and with a smell that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人更喜欢吃尺寸小、肉质光滑坚硬、气味不像大型榴莲品种那样刺鼻的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh.
Kraisorn说，许多中国人更喜欢吃体积小，肉质光滑坚硬的榴莲。
--N--
#78:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken latin and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for writers without formal training.
例如，文学写作以古典风格或拉丁语创作，它遵循与拉丁语口语不同的句法结构，并且与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处，这使得没有受过正式培训的作家难以辨认。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken latin and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文学写作以古典风格或拉丁语创作，它遵循与口语拉丁语不同的句法结构，并且与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处。
--N--
#79:
Later, after speaking with him and acquiring a fairly good Google search history, I found out that stumbling across an au naturel enclave in a city park or beach is practically a rite of passage in Berlin.
后来，在与他交谈并获得了相当好的Google搜索历史之后，我发现在城市公园或海滩上偶然发现一个自然飞地实际上是柏林的一种仪式。
Later, after speaking with him and acquiring a fairly good Google search history, I found out that stumbling across an au naturel enclave is practically a rite of passage in Berlin.
后来，在与他交谈并获得了相当不错的Google搜索历史之后，我发现偶然发现一个自然飞地实际上是柏林的一种仪式。
--N--
#80:
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful costumes and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible enemies.
他们负责组织向东的迁徙，据说他们穿着五颜六色的服装，演奏乐器来吸引潜在敌人的注意。
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful costumes and played an instrument.
他们负责组织向东方的迁徙，据说他们穿着五颜六色的服装，演奏乐器。
--N--
#81:
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area surrounding the lake has also grown significantly since mid-March as compared with the early days of the COVID-19 program.
自3月中旬以来，与COVID-19计划的早期相比，入住湖周围地区酒店和餐馆的游客数量也显着增加。
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area surrounding the lake has also grown significantly since mid-March.
自3月中旬以来，入住湖周围地区酒店和餐馆的游客数量也大幅增加。
--N--
#82:
This is the core of our service culture, a service that anticipates your every move and an emotional response that comes from the customer.
这是我们服务文化的核心，一种预测您的一举一动的服务，以及来自客户的情感反应。
This is the core of our service culture, a service that anticipates your every move and an emotional response.
这是我们服务文化的核心，一种能够预测您的一举一动和情感反应的服务。
--N--
#83:
Airbnb is offering a lot of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to best preserve it during an all-expense paid trip to Antarctica.
Airbnb为许多谈论环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们有机会在前往南极洲的全费旅行中参与科学研究，了解如何最好地保护环境。
Airbnb is offering a lot of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to best preserve it.
Airbnb为许多谈论环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们参与到关于如何最好地保护环境的科学研究中来。
--N--
#84:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle dish toasted and mixed up with the rest of the ingredients without adding it.
很难在不添加的情况下将每块米饭或面条都烤熟并与其余成分混合。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle dish toasted and mixed up with the rest of the ingredients.
很难将每块米饭或面条都烤熟并与其余食材混合在一起。
--TP--
#85:
Stoemp is both pub fare and a popular way to repurpose leftovers at restaurants.
Stoemp既是酒吧美食，也是在餐馆重新利用剩菜的流行方式。
Stoemp is both pub fare and a popular way to repurpose leftovers.
Stoemp既是酒吧的美食，也是重新利用剩菜的流行方式。
--N--
#86:
In her speech, Frederiksen emphasised the need to follow government guidelines, and to start as quickly as possible.
弗雷德里克森在演讲中强调，必须遵循政府的指导方针，并尽快开始。
In her speech, Frederiksen emphasised the need to follow government guidelines.
弗雷德里克森在演讲中强调了遵循政府指导方针的必要性。
--N--
#87:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories, making it difficult for someone without formal training.
例如，文学写作是以古典风格或文岩文创作的，它遵循与口语不同的句法模式，并且与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处，这使得没有受过正规训练的人很难。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文学写作是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与口语不同的句法模式，并且与古代比喻和故事有无数相似之处。
--FN--
#88:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken chinese and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与汉语口语不同的句法结构，并强烈引用古代比喻和故事，这使得没有受过正规训练的人难以辨认。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken chinese and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学写作都是以古典风格或文炎文创作的，它遵循与口语不同的句法结构，并强烈引用古代比喻和故事。
--FN--
#89:
In addition to swimming and boating, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for things like fishing, surfing and snorkeling.
除了游泳和划船外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合钓鱼，冲浪和浮潜等活动而闻名。
In addition to swimming and boating, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for things like fishing.
除了游泳和划船，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合钓鱼等活动而闻名。
--N--
#90:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left fried eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在信中，他写了与窃贼的磨合，他们把煎鸡蛋作为他们的名片，或者一匹目光短浅的马。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left fried eggs as their calling card.
在信中，他写了与窃贼的磨合，他们把煎鸡蛋作为他们的名片。
--N--
#91:
In addition to sailing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing, diving and snorkeling.
除了帆船和日光浴外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合帆船，潜水和浮潜等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to sailing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing.
除了帆船和日光浴外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合帆船等水上运动而闻名。
--N--
#92:
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring that anti-pandemic measures are in place to improve their health.
新近建成的海洋公園讓旅客可以通過一系列獨家优惠和其他戶外活動，讓遊客可以放松身心，親近大自然，同時也確保了防大流行措施以改善他們的健康。
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring that anti-pandemic measures are in place.
新近建成的海洋公園，透過一系列獨家优惠及其他戶外活動，讓旅客可以瀏覽並親近大自然，同時亦確保了防疫措施。
--FP--
#93:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place to protect their health.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园，透过一系列独家优惠及其他户外活动，让游客尽情放松，亲近大自然，同时确保采取严格的安全措施，保障他们的健康。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place.
新近焕发活力的海洋公园，透过一系列独家优惠及其他户外活动，让游客尽情放松，亲近大自然，同时确保采取严格的安全措施。
--N--
#94:
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，只需一步之遥。
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, step away from the city center.
要到达罗瓦涅米的中心地带，只需步行一步之遥。
--FP--
#95:
All scenic spots in Gansu's Gannan yi autonomous prefecture also offered free admission to visitors.
甘肃甘南彝族自治州的所有景区也向游客提供免费入场。
All scenic spots in Gansu's Gannan yi autonomous prefecture also offered free admission.
甘肃甘南彝族自治州的所有景区也提供免费入场。
--N--
#96:
The Finnish government in exile has been working extremely closely with tourism representatives from Lapland to strike the fine balance between controlling the spread and allowing their vital tourism industry.
芬兰流亡政府一直与拉普兰的旅游代表密切合作，在控制传播和允许其重要的旅游业之间取得微妙的平衡。
The Finnish government in exile has been working extremely closely with tourism representatives from Lapland.
芬兰流亡政府一直与拉普兰的旅游代表密切合作。
--N--
#97:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly toasted and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice.
很难让每块米饭或面条稍微烘烤并与其余的米饭均匀混合。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly toasted and mixed.
很难让每块米饭或面条稍微烘烤和混合。
--N--
#98:
Before the COVID-19 air travel restrictions were imposed, we have had lots of positive feedbacks from the tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian.
在实施COVID-19航空旅行限制之前，我们从游客那里得到了很多积极的反馈，他们说他们喜欢Puangmanee榴莲。
Before the COVID-19 air travel restrictions were imposed, we have had lots of positive feedbacks from the tourists.
在实施COVID-19航空旅行限制之前，我们从游客那里得到了很多积极的反馈。
--N--
#99:
In addition to surfing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like swimming.
除了冲浪和日光浴外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适合游泳等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to surfing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability.
除了冲浪和享受日光浴外，哥萨克附近的海岸还以其适宜性而闻名。
--FP--
