#0:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children depend on.
这场大流行严重扰乱了数百万儿童赖以生存的教育和儿童保育系统。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children.
这场大流行严重扰乱了数百万儿童的教育和儿童保育系统。
--TN--
#1:
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic as many have seen the slump.
许多公司都看到了经济衰退，为了在疫情中生存，它们一直在增加借贷。
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic.
为了在疫情中生存，企业一直在增加借贷。
--TN--
#2:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久工作，这会增加电击或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久运行，这增加了范围。
--TN--
#3:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back during the day.
麦当劳正在对一个老宠儿进行新的宣传，试图在白天吸引顾客回来。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back.
麦当劳在试图吸引顾客回来的同时，正在对一个老宠儿进行新的宣传。
--FN--
#4:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk of an electrical shock or fire.
一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可永久使用，这会增加触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#5:
The figures excluded lending.
这些数字不包括贷款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and financial companies.
这些数字不包括对其他贷款人和金融公司的贷款。
--TN--
#6:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道，今年，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，这使他们能够提高销售，缓解竞争。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，这使他们能够提高销量，缓解竞争。
--FP--
#7:
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive since this year.
自今年以来，美洲、非洲和东欧的城市变得更加便宜。
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive.
美洲、非洲和东欧的城市已经变得不那么昂贵了。
--FN--
#8:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back during the season.
麦当劳在这个季节继续吸引顾客回来，因此对一个老宠儿进行了新的宣传。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back.
麦当劳在继续吸引顾客回来的同时，正在对一个老宠儿进行新的宣传。
--FN--
#9:
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process, the economists said.
经济学家们说，与任何经济预测一样，有一些因素可能会加快或减缓这一过程。
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process.
与任何经济预测一样，有一些因素可能会加快或减缓这一过程。
--TN--
#10:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three international airports.
英国航空公司将对来自三个国际机场的乘客进行自愿的CVID-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将2019冠状病毒疾病测试，为前往英国的乘客提供测试。
--FP--
#11:
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一周前，在一次灾难性的回家尝试导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼（Adam Neumann）下台后，WeWork得到了软银的救助。
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home.
一周前，在一次灾难性的回家尝试后，WeWork得到了软银的救助。
--TN--
#12:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars, welcome robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将推出150多个机器人，包括巡逻车、欢迎机器人。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars.
在活动期间，Terminus将推出150多个机器人，包括巡逻车。
--TN--
#13:
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items or anything at all.
有些人可以去另一家商店买他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人根本买不到任何东西。
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items.
有些人可以去另一家商店买他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人买不到。
--TN--
#14:
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis on high-quality products.
分析人士表示，这些举措反映了一种双流通营销战略，也反映了对高质量产品的新重视。
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis.
分析人士表示，这些举措反映了双重发行营销策略，也反映了新的重点。
--FP--
#15:
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models of Tecno brand of cell phones.
这位企业家在与她接洽时表现出和蔼可亲的风度，她正在品尝Tecno品牌的不同型号手机。
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models.
这位企业家在与她接洽时表现出了和蔼可亲的风度，她正在给不同的模特取样。
--FP--
#16:
The bank said it was losing money on a large number of such accounts.
该银行表示，大量此类账户正在亏损。
The bank said it was losing money.
该银行表示正在赔钱。
--TN--
#17:
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted, it said.
报告称，随着冠状病毒封锁限制的解除，购物者在这段时间里大肆挥霍。
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted.
在此期间，随着冠状病毒封锁限制的解除，购物者大肆挥霍。
--FN--
#18:
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
家用电器和图书、电影和视频行业分别位居榜单第二和第三位。
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
家电和图书、电影和视频行业占据了第二和第三位。
--TN--
#19:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk of an electric accident or fire.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并获得了英国永久运行许可证，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并获得了英国永久运行许可证，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#20:
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地申报了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或投资组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地申报了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--TN--
#21:
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight, but will be able to rebook at a later date.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班，但可以在以后重新预订。
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班。
--TN--
#22:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
在中国北方城市常熟的一家服装配送中心，卖家只需拨打电话号码，每天就能获得约4亿元的营业额。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国北方城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--TN--
#23:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk of an electric shock or fire.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起销售以使用它们，这增加了触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起销售以使用它们，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#24:
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this, the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) could do that.
政府计划制定规则来保护金融市场，作为其中的一部分，金融行为管理局（FCA）可以这样做。
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this.
政府计划制定规则来保护环境，作为其中的一部分。
--TN--
#25:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，从而提高了产量，降低了价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量，降低价格。
--TN--
#26:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道，今年，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，这使他们能够提高销售，缓解竞争。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，这使他们能够提高销量，缓解竞争。
--FP--
#27:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence, and big data.
同年，该公司还与华为云签署协议，深化在云、人工智能和大数据领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，该公司还与华为云签署了一项协议，以深化在云、人工智能领域的合作。
--FN--
#28:
The cash system is being threatened.
现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者警告说，现金系统正在受到威胁。
--TN--
#29:
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties, according to an industry report.
一份行业报告称，需要做出更紧迫的努力，在提升安全能力的同时，促进大中华，以便更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties.
需要做出更紧迫的努力，在促进大中华的同时提高安全能力，以便更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
--FN--
#30:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can take up to six months.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--TN--
#31:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders, sometimes forcing them to sleep on the factory floor.
拉尔夫·劳伦（Ralph Lauren）一家商店的工作人员说，她们被迫过夜完成订单，有时被迫睡在工厂地板上。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders.
拉尔夫·劳伦（Ralph Lauren）一家商店的工作人员说，为了完成订单，她们被迫过夜。
--TN--
#32:
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一年前，在一次灾难性的上市尝试导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼（Adam Neumann）下台后，WeWork得到了软银的救助。
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public.
一年前，在一次灾难性的上市尝试后，WeWork得到了软银的救助。
--FN--
#33:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins during the financial crisis.
消费者被警告，由于金融危机期间商店使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告，由于商店使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统受到威胁。
--TN--
#34:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available for Christmas day.
为了确保圣诞节有足够的食物供应，居住在英国的人们在家禽农场工作的旅行规则已经放宽。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available.
为确保有足够的食物可供食用，英国放宽了居民在家禽养殖场工作的旅行规定。
--FP--
#35:
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to their heads to the Supreme Court.
这是一个争议激烈的案件，涉及小企业的税收支出，这些企业由于向最高法院起诉而无法进行交易。
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses heads to the Supreme Court.
一个关于小企业税收支出的激烈争议案件将提交最高法院。
--TN--
#36:
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy, the economists argue.
经济学家们认为，与任何经济体系一样，有一些因素可能会加速或减缓经济。
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy.
与任何经济体系一样，有一些因素可能会加速或减缓经济。
--TN--
#37:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加供应，降低价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加供应，降低价格。
--TN--
#38:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession, and after losing his job in March.
奥利弗·西顿在3月份失去工作后，与已经从事该职业的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构Now Teach进入了教学领域。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession.
奥利弗·西顿是在与已经从事教学工作的朋友和家人讨论后，通过“现在教学”慈善机构进入教学领域的。
--TN--
#39:
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains and raised consumer expectations.
大多数中国城市的排名都有所上升，这主要是因为美中科技大战考验了供应链的有效性，提高了消费者的预期。
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains.
大多数中国城市的排名都有所上升，这主要是因为中美科技战争考验了供应链的有效性。
--TN--
#40:
This appeals to the High Court, where judges found that most, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这就向高等法院提起上诉，法官们认为，大部分（但不是所有）相关政策都应该为这些小企业提供生命线。
This appeals to the High Court, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这向高等法院提出上诉，但并非所有相关政策都能为这些小企业提供生命线。
--TN--
#41:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将从英国三个机场对前往英国的乘客进行自愿的COVID-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK.
英国航空公司将对前往英国的乘客进行自愿的CVID-19测试。
--FP--
#42:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost of an electrical shock or fire.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起销售以使用它们，这增加了电击或火灾的成本。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起销售以使用它们，这增加了成本。
--FN--
#43:
Economists believe dialing back government support too soon will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，过早收回政府支持将削弱经济复苏的力度。
Economists believe dialing back government support will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，收回政府支持将削弱经济复苏的力度。
--TN--
#44:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk, and after leaving his job in March.
奥利弗·西顿是在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，并在3月份离职后，通过“现在教学”慈善机构进入教学领域的。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk.
奥利弗·西顿在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，通过“现在教”慈善机构进入了教学领域。
--FN--
#45:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots, and goods-delivering robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将推出150多个机器人，包括巡逻车、机器人（包括机器人）和送货机器人。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots.
在活动期间，Terminus将为150多个机器人（包括巡逻车）和机器人（包括机器人）提供服务。
--FP--
#46:
If they test it before landing, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们在着陆前进行测试，他们将不得不重新安排航班。
If they test it, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们进行测试，他们将不得不重新安排航班。
--TN--
#47:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available for Christmas dinners.
英国放宽了在当地农场工作的人的旅行规定，以确保有足够的火鸡供应圣诞晚餐。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available.
为了确保有足够的火鸡可供食用，居住在英格兰的人们可以在当地农场工作，旅行规则已经放宽。
--FP--
#48:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国中部城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
--TN--
#49:
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause in payments.
尚未休完抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向贷款人要求暂停还款。
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向其贷款人请求暂停。
--FP--
#50:
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline, the Nationwide has said.
美国国家统计局称，由于购房者试图赶在明年的印花税截止日期之前，10月份房价以五周来的最快速度上涨。
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline.
10月份，由于购房者试图赶在明年的印花税截止日期之前，房价以五周来的最快速度上涨。
--TN--
#51:
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
在中国南方城市常熟的一家服装销售中心，卖家只需拨打电话号码，每天就能获得约4亿元的营业额。
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国南方城市常熟一家服装销售中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--TN--
#52:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric accident or fire.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久运行，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#53:
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道，这一次，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，从而提高了生产率和价格。
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices.
这一次，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们得以提高生产率和价格。
--FP--
#54:
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort to keep the economy stable.
为了保持经济稳定，政府已采取措施减税、支持工资并为女性提供就业机会。
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort.
政府已采取措施减税，支持工资，并为女性提供就业机会。
--FN--
#55:
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can last up to six months.
尚未休完抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向银行申请暂停还款，最长可持续六个月。
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向银行申请暂停还款。
--FP--
#56:
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China as either the bottom or among the top five priorities of their global strategy.
根据今年美中贸易委员会成员的研究，近83%的受访公司将中国视为其全球战略的最底层或最重要的五个优先事项之一。
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China.
根据今年美中贸易委员会成员的研究，近83%的受调查公司将中国计算在内。
--FN--
#57:
Ensuring responsibility does not lie.
确保责任不存在。
Ensuring responsibility does not lie entirely.
确保责任不完全在于此。
--FN--
#58:
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies and their repayments.
这些数字不包括对其他贷款人和保险公司的贷款及其还款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies.
这些数字不包括向其他贷款人和保险公司的贷款。
--TN--
#59:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or explosion.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，以便永久运行，这增加了触电或爆炸的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#60:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric failure or fire.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可永久使用，这增加了电气故障或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，另一些装有英国适配器，可以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--TN--
#61:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems that exist.
这场大流行严重扰乱了现有的教育和医疗体系。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems.
这场大流行严重扰乱了教育和医疗体系。
--TN--
#62:
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem for future-oriented space.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，并将为面向未来的太空创造一个智能和创新的生态系统。
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，并将创造一个智能和创新的生态系统。
--TN--
#63:
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge for companies.
让员工在努力工作的同时保持敬业和快乐已经成为公司面临的挑战。
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge.
让员工在努力工作的同时保持敬业和快乐已经成为一项挑战。
--TN--
#64:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将为来自英国三个机场的乘客提供自愿的CVID-19测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将2019冠状病毒疾病测试，为前往英国的乘客提供测试。
--FP--
#65:
The comparable store sales decreased.
可比商店销售额下降。
The fourth-quarter comparable store sales decreased.
第四季度可比门店销售额下降。
--FN--
#66:
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened as banks have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告，由于银行拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者被警告现金系统受到威胁。
--TN--
#67:
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce issued a regulation on the unreliable entities list－a blacklist of foreign parties that harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这位官员发表上述言论之前，商务部发布了一项关于“不可靠实体名单”的规定。该名单是指损害中国公司合法利益的外国当事人的黑名单。
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这名官员是在商务部损害中国企业合法权益后发表上述言论的。
--TN--
#68:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售，以永久性地插入插头，这增加了电击或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售，以永久性地插入插头，这增加了范围。
--TN--
#69:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，出售时持有英国永久运行许可证。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并获得了英国许可证。
--TN--
#70:
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites, according to new research from mit.
麻省理工学院（mit）的最新研究显示，美国黑人比任何其他群体支付更多的钱来拥有自己的房子，这一差距约占黑人和白人之间13万美元退休储蓄差距的一半。
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites.
美国黑人比任何其他群体支付更多的钱来拥有自己的房子，这一差距造成了黑人和白人之间13万美元的退休储蓄差距的一半左右。
--TN--
#71:
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners financially affected by the crisis.
受金融危机影响的房主的抵押贷款支付假期正在延长。
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners.
房主的抵押贷款支付假期正在延长。
--TN--
#72:
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces, it said.
该公司表示，数万种此类产品可能通过网络市场销售。
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces.
数以万计的此类产品可能通过在线市场销售。
--TN--
#73:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can last up to six weeks.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以向房东要求暂停付款，最长可持续六周。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--TN--
#74:
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as easily as they want.
成功将取决于向他们保证，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，能够满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们可以随心所欲地充电。
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于向他们保证，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，能够满足他们的移动需求，关键是能够充电。
--TN--
#75:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus crisis.
消费者被警告，由于冠状病毒危机期间人们拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告，由于人们拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#76:
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones from Transsion holdings.
姆文德瓦说，他很荣幸能成为越来越多的街头小贩中的一员，他们使用Transsion holdings的智能手机。
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones.
姆文德瓦说，他很荣幸能成为越来越多的街头小贩中的一员，他们使用智能手机。
--TN--
#77:
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their own screens.
在中国中部城市常熟的一家服装配送中心，仅通过与自己的屏幕交谈，卖家就获得了约4亿元的日营业额。
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国中部城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元人民币。
--TN--
#78:
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as soon as they refuel.
成功将取决于说服消费者，他们可以负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们可以在加油后立即充电。
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于说服消费者，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，能够满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们能够充电。
--TN--
#79:
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地申报了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或投资组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地申报了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--TN--
#80:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or injury.
其中一些装有欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售，以便永久使用，这增加了触电或受伤的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
其中一些安装了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以供永久使用，这增加了风险。
--TP--
#81:
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes either in the country or abroad.
政府还表示，无论是在国内还是国外，人们都不得前往第二家。
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes.
政府还表示，人们不得前往第二家。
--TN--
#82:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，该公司还与华为云签署了一项协议，以促进在云、人工智能领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud.
同年，该公司还与华为云签署了一项协议，以促进在云计算领域的合作。
--FN--
#83:
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can take up to six months.
尚未休完银行假的借款人可以向银行申请暂停付款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未休完银行假的借款人可以向银行申请暂停付款。
--TN--
#84:
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics in Beijing, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在北京Terminus robotics公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在Terminus robotics公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
--TN--
#85:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices, as at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够维持供应和降低价格，正如荷兰合作银行在最近的一份研究报告中所说。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够维持供应并降低价格。
--TN--
#86:
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
大型现代家电以及图书、电视和视频行业占据了榜单的第二和第三位。
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
大型现代家电以及图书、电视和视频行业占据了第二和第三位。
--TN--
#87:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些装有英国适配器，可以永久工作，这会增加电击或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
有些安装了欧盟插头，有些安装了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了范围。
--TP--
#88:
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out of society.
他们还希望审查资格标准，以帮助那些被社会孤立的人。
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out.
他们还希望审查资格标准，以帮助那些被挑出来的人。
--TN--
#89:
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus epidemic.
这位消费者警告说，在冠状病毒疫情期间，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins.
消费者警告说，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币，现金系统正受到威胁。
--TN--
#90:
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy and fuel.
二手车和计算机系统也出现了价格上涨，但能源和燃料成本的下降部分抵消了价格上涨。
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy.
二手车和计算机系统也出现了价格上涨，但能源成本的下降部分抵消了价格上涨。
--TN--
#91:
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory where electric drive systems can be tested and validated.
该中心预计将于2021开始建设，将包括一个实验室，其中电力驱动系统可以测试和验证。
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory.
该中心预计将于2021开始建设，将包括一个实验室。
--TN--
#92:
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer at a time when the ambulance was facing a shortage of crew.
他在布拉沃志愿救护车面临人员短缺之际加入该救护车，担任紧急医疗官。
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer.
他加入布拉沃志愿救护车，担任紧急医疗官员。
--FN--
#93:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work, thus requiring them to sleep on the factory floor.
拉尔夫·劳伦（Ralph Lauren）一家商店的工作人员说，她们被迫过夜完成工作，因此需要睡在工厂的地板上。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work.
拉尔夫·劳伦（Ralph Lauren）一家商店的工作人员说，她们被迫过夜以完成工作。
--TN--
#94:
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
这位消费者还警告说，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened.
这位消费者还警告说，现金系统正在受到威胁。
--TN--
#95:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量和价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量和价格。
--TN--
#96:
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or contract management.
NAO的结论是，考虑到涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有部长都正确地申报了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或合同管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO的结论是，考虑到涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有部长都正确地申报了自己的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--TN--
#97:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power of an electric current or fire.
有些装有欧盟插头，有些装有英国适配器，可以增加电流或火焰的功率。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power.
有些安装了欧盟插头，有些安装了英国适配器以使用它们，这增加了功率。
--TN--
#98:
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court on Monday.
周一，最高法院受理了一个争议激烈的案件，涉及因封锁而无法交易的小企业的保险合同。
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court.
这是一个争议激烈的案件，涉及小型企业的保险合同，这些企业由于最高法院的封锁而无法进行交易。
--FN--
#99:
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery from the war.
经济学家担心，太迟收回政府支持将削弱战后复苏的力量。
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家担心，太迟收回政府支持将削弱经济复苏的力度。
--TN--
