#0:
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers fight each other.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和千禧一代互相争斗。
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助了照料千禧一代的植物。
--FN--
#1:
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and sculptures.
目前，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干，以更好地保护壁画和雕塑。
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
目前，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干。
--TN--
#2:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts with many personal accounts of his life and experiences.
斯普林斯汀在内心深处一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场演唱会上的音乐，其中有许多关于他的生活和经历的个人描述。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts.
斯普林斯汀的内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场音乐会上的音乐。
--TN--
#3:
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death for having made national headlines.
她因成为全国头条新闻而去世后，在微博平台新浪微博上走红。
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death.
她去世后在微博平台新浪微博上迅速走红。
--TN--
#4:
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015.
生产Photoshop和Acrobat等产品的软件公司Adobe将在2015财年前回购价值20亿美元的股票。
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion.
生产Photoshop和Acrobat等产品的软件公司Adobe将回购价值20亿美元的股票。
--TN--
#5:
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些同龄的女性被现代技术甩在了后面，但陈还是不遗余力地进入了当代艺术的世界，成为了UCCA的教授，这是游客经常要求点名的。
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然在她这个年龄的一些女性被现代技术甩在了后面，但陈还是不遗余力地进入了当代艺术的世界。
--FN--
#6:
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂尼现在承认，他同情米莉·塞勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等流行歌星，因为他们必须克服在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty.
蒂尼现在承认，他同情米莉·塞勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等流行歌星，因为他们必须克服困难。
--FN--
#7:
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film of being directed towards disabled people.
喜剧演员亚历克斯·布鲁克（Alex Brooker）和其他手眼有缺陷的人指责这部电影是针对残疾人的。
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film.
喜剧演员亚历克斯·布鲁克（Alex Brooker）和其他手眼有缺陷的人指责这部电影。
--TN--
#8:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and sing songs.
杜科夫尼从事音乐工作多年，他说自己小时候就开始写诗，后来学习弹吉他和唱歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid.
杜科夫尼多年来一直从事音乐创作，他说自己小时候就开始写诗。
--FN--
#9:
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old, covering music and English language.
牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为3至4岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖音乐和英语。
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old.
牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为3至4岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程。
--TN--
#10:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and writing songs.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，他说自己小时候就尝试过写诗，后来开始学习弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，他说自己小时候就尝试过写诗。
--TN--
#11:
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
展览将展出三位大师的作品，以纪念他们打破僵化学术规则的勇气和实验精神，将一种长期存在的艺术形式带入一个新时代。
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit.
展览将展出三位大师的作品，以纪念他们打破僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气。
--TN--
#12:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education but a way to teach English.
父母们在推销英文原版书籍和杂志，因为他们认为阅读不仅是科学教育，而且是教英语的一种方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education.
父母们在推销英文原版书籍和杂志，因为他们认为阅读不仅仅是为了科学教育。
--TN--
#13:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
自那以后，该职位的大多数申请人都有金融、服务、文化和旅游管理以及国际商务方面的背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management.
自那以后，该职位的大多数申请人都有金融、服务、文化和旅游管理方面的背景。
--TN--
#14:
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers find each other.
矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但正是网络世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和千禧一代找到了彼此。
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
自相矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但正是网络世界帮助植物照料千禧一代。
--TN--
#15:
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts great effort into preparing her very first talks.
在与她共事过的张洛伟看来，陈女士以热情对待自己的工作，并投入大量精力准备她的第一次演讲。
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion.
在与她共事过的张洛伟看来，陈对工作充满激情。
--TP--
#16:
In the morning, people worry that their lips will crack.
早上，人们担心嘴唇会裂开。
In the morning, their lips will crack.
早上，他们的嘴唇会裂开。
--TN--
#17:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的余香为中心主题，探讨了女性的功绩及其差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的余香为中心主题。
--TN--
#18:
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume culture.
成都举办了以西服为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰文化之美。
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了一场以西服为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰之美。
--TN--
#19:
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work, yet it was not among the hundreds of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940.
这不是草稿，要求繁重的工作，但它不是他在1940年与洛马克斯一起录制的数百首歌曲之一。
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work.
这不是草稿，需要繁重的工作。
--TN--
#20:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen first imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年离开北京的学校后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，当时她第一次想到自己有一天会痴迷于舞蹈。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年离开北京的学校后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，有朝一日她会痴迷于舞蹈。
--TN--
#21:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，因此他从写诗开始。
--TN--
#22:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
通常，作为娱乐，我会看很多电视，尤其是在艾美奖期间。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment.
通常，作为娱乐，我会看很多电视。
--TN--
#23:
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and statues.
然而，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干，以帮助保护壁画和雕像。
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
然而，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干。
--TN--
#24:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn English.
家长们发现阅读不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是学习英语的一种方式，因此推动了英文原版书籍和杂志的销售。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们发现阅读不仅是有效的科学教育，还推动了英文原版书籍和杂志的销售。
--TN--
#25:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，她从未想过有一天会痴迷于舞蹈。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年在北京完成学业后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，有朝一日她会痴迷于舞蹈。
--TN--
#26:
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a docent at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些像她这样年纪的女性被新移民甩在了后面，但陈还是不遗余力地进入了当代艺术的世界，并成为了UCCA的一名讲解员，游客们经常要求她点名。
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然一些像她这样年纪的女性被新移民甩在了后面，但陈还是不遗余力地进入了当代艺术界。
--TN--
#27:
The booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
旅游旺季游客数量激增。
The new report points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
新的报告指出，旅游旺季游客数量激增。
--TN--
#28:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展现代农业，如茶叶种植和云耳菌种植。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展现代农业，如茶叶种植。
--TN--
#29:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
自那以后，该职位的大多数申请人都有金融、工商管理、文化和旅游管理以及国际商务方面的背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management.
自那以后，该职位的大多数申请人都有金融、工商管理、文化和旅游管理方面的背景。
--TN--
#30:
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，当她高中毕业后在一家制冷公司当模特时，她从未想过有一天会痴迷于舞蹈。
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京高中毕业后在一家制冷公司当模特时，总有一天会痴迷于舞蹈。
--FP--
#31:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among state and local government departments with active participation of the public.
在前五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，确保国家和地方政府部门在公众积极参与的情况下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以确保密切合作。
--TN--
#32:
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to tell people that you are not alone.
当他决定发布今年的第一首新歌时，成龙想与大家分享他受病毒感染的经历，最重要的是，告诉大家你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发布今年的第一首新歌时，成龙想分享他受病毒爆发影响的经历，最重要的是。
--FP--
#33:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an egg nester.
今年，随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将得到进一步的探讨，邦妮作为蛋巢主人的复杂感受也将进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在今年得到进一步探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将进一步探讨。
--FP--
#34:
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, Guo hopes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语杂志的普及，郭希望他们的英语杂志订户数量将大幅增加。
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语杂志的普及，他们的英语杂志订户数量将显著增加。
--TN--
#35:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an epidemic.
库克是一场流行病的早期受害者。
--TN--
#36:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，他说自己小时候就开始创作诗歌，后来开始学习弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，他说自己从小就开始创作诗歌。
--TN--
#37:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅关注犯罪，而且主要通过主人公和前同学之间的对话来展示人性的光明面和黑暗面。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity.
导演不仅关注犯罪，还展示了人性的光明面和黑暗面。
--TN--
#38:
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
据说，传奇演员米奇·鲁尼已经去世，劳伦斯·奥利维尔曾认为他是其中最伟大的演员。
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
传奇演员米奇·鲁尼去世了，劳伦斯·奥利维尔曾认为他是其中最伟大的演员。
--TN--
#39:
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time, during which time the weather gets much colder than before and frost begins to appear.
霜降是最后一个节气，在此期间天气变得比以前冷得多，霜降开始出现。
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time.
霜降是最后一个节气。
--TN--
#40:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could get accurate information.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，以便获得准确的信息。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions.
她想和某人说话，问问题。
--TN--
#41:
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂尼现在透露，他同情米莉·塞勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty.
蒂尼现在透露，他同情米莉·塞勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对困难。
--TN--
#42:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine as its central plot.
最近的一部戏剧以美酒的余香为中心情节。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine.
最近的一部戏剧采用了好酒的余香。
--TN--
#43:
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and local government departments with active participation of the public.
在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使中央和地方政府部门能够在公众的积极参与下密切合作。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以便密切合作。
--TN--
#44:
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey so we can all work together how to educate and protect the men in our lives.
所以，如果你及早发现，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是为什么我想在我的旅程中帮助你，这样我们就可以一起工作，如何教育和保护我们生活中的男人。
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey.
所以，如果你及早发现，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是为什么我想在我的旅程中帮助你。
--TN--
#45:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，当时她曾想象有一天她会痴迷于舞蹈。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年在北京完成学业后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训，有朝一日她会痴迷于舞蹈。
--TN--
#46:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a teenager.
杜科夫尼多年来一直从事音乐创作，他说自己十几岁时就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，他说自己是从写诗开始的。
--TN--
#47:
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
据说，传奇演员米奇·鲁尼去世了，劳伦斯·奥利维尔曾认为他是其中最伟大的演员。
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
传奇演员米奇·鲁尼去世了，劳伦斯·奥利维尔曾认为他是其中最伟大的演员。
--TN--
#48:
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the white conspiracy.
查佩尔说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为白人阴谋的计划。
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
查佩尔说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--TN--
#49:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death, as will Bonnie's romantic feelings.
随着克里斯蒂的去世，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨，邦妮的浪漫情怀也将进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death.
随着克里斯蒂的去世，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨。
--TN--
#50:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations and cultivating the ear fungus.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展现代道路，如茶园和培养耳真菌。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，并发展现代道路，如茶园。
--TN--
#51:
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team and be able to say.
他们真的很享受为一支国际球队证明自己的机会，并且能够说出来。
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team.
他们真的很享受为一支国际球队证明自己的机会。
--TN--
#52:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅关注犯罪，而且主要通过主人公和他的前同学之间的对话来展示犯罪的光明和温暖的一面。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it.
导演不仅关注犯罪，还展示了犯罪的光明和温暖的一面。
--TN--
#53:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information because there were so many in those first few months.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，这样她就可以传播更多的信息，因为在最初的几个月里，信息太多了。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information.
她想和某人交谈，提出问题，以便传播更多信息。
--TN--
#54:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的余香为中心主题，突出了女性的功绩和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme.
最近的一部戏剧以美食的余香为中心主题。
--TN--
#55:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
家长们发现阅读不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是学习更多知识的一种方式，因此推动了英文原版书籍和杂志的销售。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们发现阅读不仅是有效的科学教育，还推动了英文原版书籍和杂志的销售。
--TN--
#56:
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other, and to form their own online community.
现在，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和千禧一代相互了解，并形成了他们自己的在线社区。
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other.
现在，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和千禧一代相互了解。
--FN--
#57:
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch tv programming.
今天，我为了娱乐工作看了很多电视，尤其是在艾美奖期间，那时我有一长串必须看的电视节目。
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
今天，我为了娱乐工作看了很多电视，尤其是在艾美奖期间。
--FN--
#58:
A dynamic system for protection is to be established.
建立动态保护体系。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established.
在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系。
--TN--
#59:
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on after entering a deadlock.
然而，一名当地买家拒绝参与谈判，导致民事纠纷在进入僵局后继续。
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on.
然而，一名当地买家拒绝参与谈判，导致民事纠纷持续。
--TN--
#60:
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，成龙想分享他被病毒感染的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，成龙想分享他被病毒感染的经历，最重要的是。
--TN--
#61:
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy.
查佩尔想知道，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为“善意阴谋”的计划。
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
查佩尔想知道，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--TN--
#62:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an empty shell.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨，邦妮对于成为一个空壳的复杂感受也将进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将进一步探讨。
--FP--
#63:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large size.
新的具有地方特色的住宅拔地而起，现代建筑高耸，平坦宽阔的道路遥不可及，充满生活气息的农田里充斥着大型活动。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代建筑耸立，平坦宽阔的道路遥不可及。
--TN--
#64:
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something during this time.
在农村，人们担心如果在这段时间不吃东西，嘴唇会裂开。
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something.
在农村，人们担心如果不吃东西，嘴唇会裂开。
--TN--
#65:
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming three years.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测，他们的英语杂志订户数量将在未来三年显著增加。
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测他们的英语杂志订户数量将显著增加。
--TN--
#66:
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是一场事故的早期受害者，那场事故证明是灾难性的，吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和政治人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是一场事故的早期受害者，那场事故吞噬了它最明亮的艺术作品，造成了灾难性的后果。
--TN--
#67:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of the machinery.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇高耸、平坦，道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇高耸、平坦，道路绵延很远。
--FP--
#68:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among central and local police departments with active participation of the public.
在前五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，确保中央和地方警察部门在公众积极参与的情况下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以确保密切合作。
--TN--
#69:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large scale.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇高耸平坦，道路绵延遥远，充满生活气息的农田里充斥着大规模的活动。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇高耸、平坦，道路绵延很远。
--TN--
#70:
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance.
音乐以一种令人困惑且压倒性的方式，让我们能够反思世界的现状，并以同样的辉煌逃离它。
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world.
音乐以一种令人困惑且压倒性的方式让我们都能反思世界的现状。
--FN--
#71:
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume music.
以汉服音乐节为特色的文化活动在中国成都举行，展示中国传统服饰音乐的魅力。
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
以汉服音乐节为特色的文化活动在中国成都举行，展示中国传统服饰的魅力。
--TN--
#72:
But he added he does not blame Hathaway.
但他补充说，他并不责怪海瑟薇。
But he added he does not blame Hathaway for this decision.
但他补充说，他不会因为这个决定而责怪海瑟薇。
--TN--
#73:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
家长们正在推动英语原版书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们不仅使阅读成为有效的科学教育，而且是学习更多知识的一种方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动英语原版书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们的阅读不仅是有效的科学教育。
--TN--
#74:
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works, many of which are also very familiar to Chinese audiences.
展出的画作重新诠释了童话和文学作品，其中许多也是中国观众非常熟悉的。
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works.
展出的画作重新诠释了童话和文学作品。
--TN--
#75:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是这个时代的早期牺牲品，事实证明，这个时代无情地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和政治人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代无情地吞噬了一些最耀眼的艺术作品。
--FP--
#76:
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability for nucleic acid tests.
当他们抵达武汉时，他们面临着发展日常核酸检测能力的迫切需要。
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability.
当他们抵达武汉时，他们面临着发展日常检测能力的迫切需要。
--TN--
#77:
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume design.
成都举办了以汉服文化节为主题的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服装设计之美。
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了以汉服文化节为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰之美。
--TN--
#78:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以善行的余香为主要情节，突出了女性的功绩和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot.
最近的一部戏剧以善行的余香为主要情节。
--TN--
#79:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏剧以他的行为的余香为主要情节，突出了女性的功绩和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot.
最近的一部戏剧以他的行为的余香为主要情节。
--TN--
#80:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of other prestige programming.
通常情况下，我会在工作中看大量的体育电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖期间，那时我有一长串的其他有声望的节目。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season.
通常情况下，我会在工作中看大量关于体育的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖期间。
--FN--
#81:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars and moon figures in their prime.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代无情地吞噬了一些最明亮的恒星和处于鼎盛时期的月亮形象。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代无情地吞噬了一些最明亮的恒星。
--TN--
#82:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗，后来学习弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
杜科夫尼多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
--TN--
#83:
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate and most plants fall into a short period of dormancy.
随着温度缓慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数植物进入短暂的休眠期。
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate.
随着温度慢慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠。
--TN--
#84:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of the prestige programming.
此外，我还为我的客户看了大量关于娱乐的电视节目，特别是在艾美奖期间，当时我有一长串的prestige节目。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season.
此外，我还为我的客户看了大量关于娱乐的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖期间。
--FN--
#85:
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and ill.
查佩尔说，特朗普生病期间的特殊待遇就像给无家可归者庇护所一袋汉堡，在无家可归者和病人面前吃。
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter.
查佩尔说，特朗普生病期间的特殊待遇就像给无家可归者庇护所送了一袋汉堡。
--TN--
#86:
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume design.
成都举办了文化与汉服节，旨在重振中国传统服装设计的魅力。
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了文化与汉服节，旨在复兴中国传统服装的魅力。
--TP--
#87:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and regional government departments with active participation of the public.
在前五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使中央和地区政府部门能够在公众的积极参与下密切合作。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
在头五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以便密切合作。
--TN--
#88:
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money from a willing buyer.
像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制作人乐于从愿意购买的人那里拿钱。
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money.
和往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制作人也乐于接受这些投资。
--FP--
#89:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an attack.
库克是一次袭击的早期受害者。
--TN--
#90:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
具有地方特色的新住宅从地面上拔地而起，城镇高耸、平坦、宽阔，延伸得很远，农田里充满了大型机械活动带来的生活嗡嗡声。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，城镇高耸、平坦、宽阔，延伸得很远。
--FN--
#91:
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办了汉服文化节，旨在复兴中国传统服饰的魅力。
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu.
汉服文化节在成都举行。
--TN--
#92:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows with deeply personal accounts of his life and career.
斯普林斯汀的内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐，对他的生活和职业生涯有着深刻的个人描述。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows.
斯普林斯汀的内心一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐。
--TN--
#93:
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars, as he and other new players vie for consumers'time.
奎比不会是星球大战的最后一个牺牲品，因为他和其他新玩家正在争夺消费者的时间。
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars.
奎比不会是星球大战的最后一个牺牲品。
--TN--
#94:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch television programming.
此外，我在从事娱乐报道的工作时，经常看电视，尤其是在艾美奖期间，那时我有一长串必须看的电视节目。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
此外，我在工作中经常看电视报道娱乐节目，尤其是在艾美奖期间。
--FN--
#95:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展农业，如种植园和培育云耳菌。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations.
然后，该村开始建立基础设施，发展种植园等农业。
--FN--
#96:
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to study and record.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸到罕见的巨型章鱼，再到像外星人一样的浮游生物，海洋是张研究和记录无限生命形式的家园。
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸到罕见的巨型章鱼，再到形似外星人的浮游生物，海洋是无限生命形式的家园。
--TP--
#97:
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries, and international relations.
自7月以来，该政策的大多数申请人都具有金融、商业和文化、旅游业以及国际关系方面的背景。
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries.
自7月以来，该政策的大部分申请人都具有金融、商业、文化和旅游行业的背景。
--TN--
#98:
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money from a new buyer.
和以往一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作人乐于从新买家那里拿钱。
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money.
和以往一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作人乐于接受这些投资。
--FP--
#99:
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives during such an unusual period.
通过讲述我们在这样一个不寻常时期的生活故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史。
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives.
通过讲述我们的生活故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史。
--TN--
