#0:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战，支出审查将变得困难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战。
--TN--
#1:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，支出审查可能会变得困难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#2:
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the Christmas and Halloween holidays.
马奎特市政厅、彼得·怀特公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心、市政服务中心和湖景竞技场的办公室将在圣诞节和万圣节期间关闭。
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the holidays.
马奎特市政厅、彼得·怀特公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心、市政服务中心和湖景竞技场的办公室将在假期关闭。
--TN--
#3:
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective when treatments are available.
他们警告2019冠状病毒疾病理论的广泛信仰可能会使治疗活动在治疗有效的时候变得不那么有效。
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective.
他们警告2019冠状病毒疾病理论的广泛信仰可能会使竞选活动变得不那么有效。
--FN--
#4:
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules, which was disrupted by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了新的财政规则，该规则在今年年初被疫情打乱。
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了新的财政规则。
--TN--
#5:
This summer has witnessed several severe floods.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水。
This summer has witnessed several severe floods and two typhoons.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水和两次台风。
--TN--
#6:
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters to two deputies.
周四，一名圣克劳德女子在将她的三个十几岁的女儿交给两名副手后被捕。
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters.
周四，一名圣克劳德女子在对三个十几岁的女儿进行性交后被捕。
--FP--
#7:
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the city is testing.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着这座城市的前景正在经受考验。
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--TN--
#8:
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China despite some challenging moments during the year.
新西兰的选举几乎不会改变该国与中国的主要历史进程，尽管这一年中出现了一些具有挑战性的时刻。
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China.
新西兰的选举几乎不会改变该国与中国的主要历史进程。
--TN--
#9:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中国企业的工作人员遵守奥地利警方的规定，呆在家里保护他们的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中国企业的工作人员遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--TN--
#10:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#11:
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain and introduce distance learning.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，而中学将继续开放并引入远程教育。
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，中学将继续开放。
--TN--
#12:
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons to attract students to the country.
他说，出于经济原因，英国大学正在安排包机来吸引学生。
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons.
他说，出于经济原因，英国大学现在正在安排包机。
--TN--
#13:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations at the core.
席呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护以联合国为核心的国际秩序和体系。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations.
席呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护联合国的国际秩序和体系。
--TN--
#14:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness, industrialization and regional integration.
报告说，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济、竞争力、工业化和区域一体化的基本组成部分。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济竞争力的一个基本组成部分。
--TN--
#15:
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period, it said.
报告称，如果金融机构和其他人员在45天报告期后与指定人员进行交易，可能会面临二级制裁。
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period.
如果金融机构和其他人员在45天报告期后与指定人员进行交易，他们可能会面临二级制裁。
--TN--
#16:
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible because they lack the receptor to which the virus attaches.
虽然有报道称动物感染了病毒，比如荷兰农场的水貂，但帕维莱宁说，狗不易受感染，因为它们缺乏病毒附着的受体。
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible.
虽然有报道称动物感染了病毒，比如荷兰农场的水貂，但帕维莱宁说，狗不易感染。
--TN--
#17:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来重大挑战。
--TN--
#18:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans, adding that the security review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，安全审查将变得困难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#19:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation, rising housing costs and a strained economic system.
这次投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP，根据目前的规定，它将导致人口过剩、住房成本上升和经济体系紧张。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
这次投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为SVP，根据现行规定，它将导致人口过剩。
--TN--
#20:
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen attacked the university on Monday.
周一，三名枪手袭击了这所大学，造成至少22人死亡，其中大部分是儿童，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少22人死亡，其中大部分是儿童，另有27人受伤。
--TN--
#21:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative, first lady Melania Trump posted a family health report.
在2019冠状病毒疾病的报道中，美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子Barron Trump患有CVID-19，没有症状，现在是阴性，第一夫人Melania Trump发表了家庭健康报告。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的2019岁儿子Barron Trump患有2019冠状病毒疾病，现在症状为阴性。
--FN--
#22:
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event in these hard times.
他对活动组织者在困难时期主办活动表示感谢。
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event.
他对活动组织者主办此次活动表示感谢。
--TN--
#23:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战，支出审查将变得困难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战。
--TN--
#24:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
齐奥德拉斯警告说，未来几个月，医疗系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不再局限于老年人。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
齐奥德拉斯警告说，未来几个月，医疗系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不会受到限制。
--TN--
#25:
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible, and most sporting and leisure facilities to be mothballed.
封锁将于周四开始，要求非必要的商店关闭，如果可能的话，在家办公，大部分体育和休闲设施将被封存。
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible.
从周四开始的封锁要求非必要的商店关门，如果可能的话，也要求在家办公。
--TN--
#26:
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition ahead of the Saturday elections.
这一决定导致他的政党和反对派在周六选举前发生冲突。
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition.
这一决定导致了他的政党和反对派之间的冲突。
--TP--
#27:
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the night of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统说2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后他感觉很好，不记得他是否在第一次总统辩论的晚上接受了测试。
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后他感觉很好，不记得自己是否接受过测试。
--TN--
#28:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普2019冠状病毒疾病Barron Trump的CVID-19没有任何症状，现在测试，Melania Trump夫人星期三公布了家庭健康更新。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普2019冠状病毒疾病Barron Trump的CVID-19没有任何症状，现在测试，Melania Trump夫人发布了家庭健康更新。
--TN--
#29:
However, some households will be banned from mixing, although support bubbles and childcare bubbles will continue.
然而，一些家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持泡沫和托儿泡沫将继续。
However, some households will be banned from mixing.
然而，一些家庭将被禁止混合。
--TN--
#30:
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal spending.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪在最近的一次演讲中敦促政府降低财政支出的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪在最近的一次演讲中敦促政府降低门槛。
--TN--
#31:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展、工业化和经济一体化的基本组成部分。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展的一个基本组成部分。
--TN--
#32:
They had logged on to the government website to find one, but were told that because their names and addresses could not be found.
他们曾登录政府网站寻找一个，但被告知，因为找不到他们的姓名和地址。
They had logged on to the government website to find one.
他们已经登录政府网站找到了一个。
--FN--
#33:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness, industrialization and european integration.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲发展、竞争力、工业化和欧洲一体化的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲发展、竞争力和可持续性的一个基本组成部分。
--FP--
#34:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death because of COVID-19 infection.
由于2019冠状病毒疾病，欧洲国家正在重新出台严格的措施来限制人类冠状病毒在感染和死亡后的传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格措施，以限制人类冠状病毒在感染和死亡后的传播。
--TN--
#35:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管2019冠状病毒疾病流行，美国许多大学都租用航班帮助成千上万的中国学生留在美国。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country.
美国的许多大学正在包机帮助成千上万的中国学生留在美国。
--TP--
#36:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was affected by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年年初受疫情影响的财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了财政规则。
--TN--
#37:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to ensure their safety.
中国大使馆敦促当地华人社区的中国居民、学生和警察遵守奥地利警方的规定，呆在家里以确保他们的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促当地华人社区的中国居民、学生和警察遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--TN--
#38:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，使人们能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和控制环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments.
人工智能被认为是多种技术的结合，使人们能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和控制环境。
--FN--
#39:
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管英国有2019冠状病毒疾病，但许多大学租用航班帮助成千上万的学生进入该国的大学。
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country.
英国的许多大学正在包机帮助成千上万的新生进入英国的大学。
--FP--
#40:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为，尽一切可能控制病毒是正确的。
--TN--
#41:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans, adding that the spending budget is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来重大挑战，并补充说，支出预算将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来重大挑战。
--TN--
#42:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was caused by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了财政规则，这是今年年初疫情造成的。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了财政规则。
--TN--
#43:
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks.
财政政策总是对巨大的冲击做出反应。
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks but there is now a crisis.
财政政策总是对巨大的冲击做出反应，但现在出现了危机。
--TN--
#44:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the university on Monday.
周一，三名枪手闯入该大学，造成至少22人死亡，27人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有22人死亡，全部是学生，另有27人受伤。
--FP--
#45:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的2019岁儿子Barron Trump没有2019冠状病毒疾病，现在测试阴性，首先是Melania Trump星期三公布了家庭健康更新。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update.
在2019冠状病毒疾病的治疗后，美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子Barron Trump患有CVID-19，没有症状，现在测试结果为阴性，首先是Melania Trump公布了家庭健康更新。
--FP--
#46:
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons to bring students to the university.
该机构表示，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机将学生带到该大学。
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons.
该机构表示，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机。
--TN--
#47:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学正在包机帮助招收成千上万的中国学生。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights.
美国的许多大学都在包机。
--TN--
#48:
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate and to promote macroeconomic stability.
俄罗斯当局正在设法将汇率波动降至最低，并促进宏观经济稳定。
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate.
俄罗斯当局正在设法将汇率波动降至最低。
--TN--
#49:
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
齐奥德拉斯说，未来几个月，医疗系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不再局限于老年人。
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
齐奥德拉斯说，未来几个月，医疗系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员将不会受到限制。
--TN--
#50:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system with the United Nations.
席呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护联合国的国际法和制度。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system.
席呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚决维护国际法和制度。
--FN--
#51:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
--FN--
#52:
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights for similar reasons.
该公司表示，出于类似原因，英国大学也在安排包机。
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights.
该公司表示，英国大学也在安排包机。
--TN--
#53:
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary rather than just after a large shock such as the pandemic.
他说，此举将使政府能够在必要时提振经济，而不是仅仅在疫情等大规模冲击之后。
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary.
他说，此举将使政府能够在必要时提振经济。
--TN--
#54:
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the future is testing.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着未来的前景正在考验。
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--TN--
#55:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to the spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来新的挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#56:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，使机器能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和感知环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments.
人工智能被认为是各种技术的结合，使机器能够采用类似人类的智能来感知和感知环境。
--TN--
#57:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments, and consequently take specific actions to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，允许机器采用类似人类的智能来理解和理解环境，从而采取特定的行动来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments.
人工智能被认为是一种技术的组合，允许机器采用类似人类的智能来理解和理解环境。
--TN--
#58:
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies and Biden supporting them.
2019冠状病毒疾病是特朗普的主要竞选议题，而奥巴马则为奥巴马政府的政策辩护，拜登支持奥巴马。
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies.
2019冠状病毒疾病是特朗普的主要竞选议题，他为奥巴马政府的政策辩护。
--FN--
#59:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统说2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后他感觉很好，并不能说他是否在第一次总统辩论当天接受了测试。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后他感觉很好，并不能说他是否接受了测试。
--FN--
#60:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans from descending into poverty.
那年春天，国会对冠状病毒大流行做出了迅速而广泛的反应，使成千上万的美国人免于陷入贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans.
那年春天，国会对冠状病毒大流行迅速而广泛的反应使成千上万的美国人幸免于难。
--FN--
#61:
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials.
这要归功于我们县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作。
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who worked quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task.
这要归功于我们县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作，他们迅速承担并完成了这项重大任务。
--TN--
#62:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level, with strong national action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院的一些人认为，我们本应早些做出这一决定，但我认为，通过强有力的国家行动和强有力的地方领导，尽一切可能在基层控制这一病毒是正确的。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为，尽一切可能让病毒得到基本控制是正确的。
--TN--
#63:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security, healthcare and financial markets.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个寻找解决其一些最紧迫问题的机会，如粮食安全、医疗保健和金融市场。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个寻找解决其一些最紧迫问题的机会，如粮食安全。
--TN--
#64:
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday in a bid to prevent the resurgence of the coronavirus.
这一呼吁发出之际，英国将从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁期，以防止新冠病毒死灰复燃。
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday.
这一呼吁发出之际，英格兰将从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁。
--TN--
#65:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which claimed current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
这次投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党称现行法规将导致人口过剩。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP.
这次投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的。
--TN--
#66:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong community action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院的一些人认为，我们本应早些做出这一决定，但我认为，通过强有力的社区行动和强有力的地方领导，尽一切可能在地方一级控制这一病毒是正确的。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为，尽一切可能在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--TN--
#67:
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home if needed.
周四开始的封锁要求非必要的商店关门，必要时人们可以在家工作。
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home.
周四开始的封锁要求非必要的商店关门，人们在家工作。
--TN--
#68:
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen when England's lockdown begins.
当英格兰开始封锁时，所有地区的健身房和非必要设施都将被允许重新开放。
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen.
所有区域的健身房和非必要设施预计将重新开放。
--FP--
#69:
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还警告称，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战，并补充说，支出审查可能会变得困难。
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans.
他还警告称，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战。
--TN--
#70:
The money will fund space and civil defence projects such as an air intelligence agency.
这笔资金将用于太空和民防项目，如航空情报机构。
The money will fund space and civil defence projects.
这笔钱将用于太空和民防项目。
--TN--
#71:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students to study in the country.
美国的许多大学都在包机帮助成千上万的中国学生来美国学习。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学正在包机帮助招收成千上万的中国学生。
--TP--
#72:
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first televised debate.
唐纳德·特朗普说，在几周前大麻检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得自己是否在第一次电视辩论当天接受了检测。
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
唐纳德·特朗普说，几周前大麻检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得自己是否接受了检测。
--TN--
#73:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans from poverty into poverty.
国会对春季新冠病毒大流行迅速而广泛的反应，使数百万美国人从贫困走向贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans.
国会对春季新冠病毒大流行迅速而广泛的反应影响了数百万美国人。
--TN--
#74:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the school on Monday.
周一，三名枪手冲进学校，造成至少22人死亡，27人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有22人死亡，全部是学生，另有27人受伤。
--FP--
#75:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days, and that the admissions will not be confined.
齐奥德拉斯警告说，未来几天，医疗系统将面临更大的压力，入院人数将不会受到限制。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days.
齐奥德拉斯警告称，未来几天医疗体系将面临更大压力。
--FN--
#76:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲经济竞争力的一个基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--TN--
#77:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending review is going to be hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，支出审查将很困难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#78:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive on the day of the first televised debate.
特朗普总统说，2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后，他感觉很好，他不记得在第一次电视辩论的那天他是否是积极的。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive.
特朗普总统说，2019冠状病毒疾病检测阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得自己是否是阳性的。
--FN--
#79:
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam with the release of a report that envisages a continent-wide market.
随着一份报告的发布，非洲计划改善其能源部门，并将更多家庭和企业与电力供应联系起来。该报告设想了一个覆盖整个非洲大陆的市场。
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam.
非洲改善能源部门、将更多家庭和企业与电力供应联系起来的计划正在酝酿之中。
--FP--
#80:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations because of COVID-19 skyrocketed.
由于新型冠状病毒感染2019冠状病毒疾病，欧洲国家正在重新出台严格的措施，以防止新的冠状病毒在感染和住院后传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations.
欧洲国家正在重新出台严格的措施，旨在防止新型冠状病毒在感染和住院后传播。
--FP--
#81:
At least 22 people, including students, were killed and another 27 injured.
包括学生在内的至少22人死亡，另有27人受伤。
At least 22 people, including students, were killed.
包括学生在内的至少22人死亡。
--TN--
#82:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today, industrialization and economic growth.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲经济、今天的工业化和经济增长的一个基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today.
今天，关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--TN--
#83:
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold for the stimulus.
外交部长史蒂文·肯尼迪在最近的一次演讲中要求政府降低刺激计划的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold.
外交部长史蒂文·肯尼迪在最近的一次演讲中要求政府降低门槛。
--TN--
#84:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security, healthcare and financial security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，为其一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案，如国家安全、医疗保健和金融安全。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为国家安全等一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案。
--FN--
#85:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共卫生计划带来新的挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共卫生计划带来新的挑战。
--TN--
#86:
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings like kisses and hugs.
该指南称，病毒只能通过呼吸飞沫、污染表面和亲吻、拥抱等常见问候方式传播。
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings.
该指南称，病毒只能通过呼吸飞沫、污染表面和普通问候语传播。
--FN--
#87:
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls after their second planned debate was over.
民主党总统候选人乔·拜登周四攻击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对冠状病毒大流行的处理方式，当时两位候选人在计划中的第二场辩论结束后在电视转播的市政厅进行决斗。
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls.
民主党总统候选人乔·拜登周四攻击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对新冠病毒大流行的处理方式，当时两位候选人正在电视直播的市政厅决斗。
--TN--
#88:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲工业化和经济一体化转型的基本组成部分。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲转型的一个基本组成部分。
--FN--
#89:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages, healthcare and financial problems.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个解决一些最困难问题的机会，如粮食短缺、医疗保健和金融问题。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个解决一些最困难问题的机会，比如粮食短缺。
--TN--
#90:
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings in the area.
搜救行动一直在全天24小时不停地进行，该地区共有八栋倒塌的建筑物。
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings.
搜救行动一直在昼夜不停地进行，总共有八栋倒塌的建筑。
--TP--
#91:
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook for the sector is testing.
因此，不断上升的失业率和小企业面临的新挑战意味着该行业的前景正在经受考验。
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook.
因此，不断上升的失业率和小企业面临的新挑战意味着前景。
--TN--
#92:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however, development and economic integration.
报告说，港口基础设施资产现代化是非洲转型、发展和经济一体化的一个基本组成部分。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however.
然而，报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲转型的一个基本组成部分。
--FN--
#93:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security, healthcare and social services.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为其一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，如信息安全、医疗保健和社会服务。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为其一些最困难的问题提供解决方案，例如信息安全。
--TN--
#94:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong local action and strong national leadership.
我知道众议院的一些人认为，我们本应早些做出这一决定，但我认为，通过强有力的地方行动和强有力的国家领导，尽一切可能在地方一级控制这一病毒是正确的。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为，尽一切可能在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--TN--
#95:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战，支出审查将变得困难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战。
--TN--
#96:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战，并补充说，支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能对公共安全计划构成重大挑战。
--TN--
#97:
However, the households will be banned from mixing, although support groups and childcare bubbles will remain.
然而，这些家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持团体和托儿泡沫仍将存在。
However, the households will be banned from mixing.
然而，这些家庭将被禁止混合。
--FN--
#98:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too, industrialization and european integration.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告也是非洲经济、工业化和欧洲一体化的一个基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too.
关于港口基础设施资产现代化的报告也是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--TN--
#99:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential election.
特朗普总统说，他在几周前艾滋病毒检测呈阳性后感觉良好，不记得自己是否在第一次总统选举当天接受了检测。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't  recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说，他在几周前艾滋病毒检测呈阳性后感觉良好，不记得自己是否接受了检测。
--TN--
