#0:
The situation was complicated by the pandemic.
大流行使局势变得复杂。
The situation was complicated by the pandemic, with neither wanting to increase Hamilton's risk of developing coronavirus.
疫情使情况变得复杂，双方都不想增加汉密尔顿发展冠状病毒的风险。
--TP--
#1:
She said the league has made minor adjustments to prioritize safety such as the punt returns, kickoffs and kick returns from the field to limit plays that can often result in penalties.
她说联盟已经做了一些小的调整来优先考虑安全问题，比如平底球、开球和场上的开球，以限制经常导致点球的比赛。
She said the league has made minor adjustments to prioritize safety such as the punt returns, kickoffs and kick returns from the field.
她说联盟已经做了一些小的调整来优先考虑安全问题，比如平底球、开球和场上的开球。
--FN--
#2:
The opportunity to earn an invitation to the Masters and stand at that first tee was my dream, and to have it come true in 1975 remains one of the career highlights.
有机会获得大师赛的邀请并站在第一个发球台上是我的梦想，1975年实现这一梦想仍然是我职业生涯的亮点之一。
The opportunity to earn an invitation to the Masters and stand at that first tee was my dream, and to have it come true in 1975.
有机会赢得大师赛的邀请，站在第一个发球台上是我的梦想，并在1975年实现。
--FN--
#3:
Players, coaches and referees are offered green credentials, while yellow and blue credentials are provided to reporters and staff in the game respectively.
运动员、教练和裁判将获得绿色证书，而记者和工作人员将分别获得黄色和蓝色证书。
Players, coaches and referees are offered green credentials, while yellow and blue credentials are provided to reporters and staff.
运动员、教练和裁判员将获得绿色证书，而记者和工作人员将获得黄色和蓝色证书。
--TN--
#4:
China's Ding Junhui says he cannot see many young players from his country matching his success any time soon.
中国的丁俊晖说，他看不到很多来自中国的年轻球员在短期内能与他的成功相匹敌。
China's Ding Junhui says he cannot see many young players matching his success any time soon.
中国的丁俊晖说，他看不到很多年轻球员能在短期内与他的成功相匹敌。
--TN--
#5:
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that goes into them, the technology.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、投入的工作和技术。
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that goes into them.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺和所做的工作。
--TN--
#6:
We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and becoming a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just racing.
我们起步的规模相当小，但我们的梦想是在所有的电子竞技项目中扩大并成为一支更大的球队，而不仅仅是比赛。
We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and becoming a much bigger team.
我们起步的规模相当小，但我们的梦想是扩大规模，成为一支更大的球队。
--TN--
#7:
He found the initial few days were difficult to deal with as people adjusted to their new settings and suffered from jet lag.
他发现最初的几天很难应付，因为人们适应了新的环境，并患有时差综合症。
He found the initial few days were difficult to deal with as people adjusted to their new settings.
他发现，随着人们适应新环境，最初的几天很难应付。
--FN--
#8:
Unbeaten Chinese fighter Zhang Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in nearly a year on Saturday night.
周六晚上，不败的中国拳手张志雷在好莱坞完成了他近一年来的第一场比赛。
Unbeaten Chinese fighter Zhang Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in nearly a year.
不败的中国拳手张志雷在好莱坞为他近一年来的第一场比赛画上了句号。
--FP--
#9:
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was staged behind closed doors and was an all-domestic field.
在COVID-19大流行之前，这项活动是秘密进行的，是一个全家喻户晓的领域。
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was staged behind closed doors.
在COVID-19大流行之前，这项活动是秘密进行的。
--TN--
#10:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship, the energy that goes into them.
这些汽车是不可思议的，在观察它们是如何制造的，在观察它们的工艺，进入它们的能量。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship.
这些汽车令人难以置信，因为它们是如何制造的，工艺精湛。
--FP--
#11:
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the power that goes into them, the technology, the design.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、动力、技术和设计。
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the power that goes into them, the technology.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、动力和技术。
--TN--
#12:
Daniil Medvedev had just won the biggest title of his career, the best victory of his career at the ATP level, but did not participate.
丹尼尔·梅德韦杰夫刚刚赢得了他职业生涯中最大的头衔，这是他职业生涯中ATP级别的最佳胜利，但没有参加。
Daniil Medvedev had just won the biggest title of his career, the best victory of his career at the ATP level.
丹尼尔·梅德韦杰夫刚刚赢得了他职业生涯中最大的头衔，这是他职业生涯中ATP级别的最佳胜利。
--TN--
#13:
Balancing a career in professional sports with being a social media sensation is a tightrope to wal.
在职业体育生涯和社交媒体轰动之间取得平衡，对沃尔来说是一条走钢丝绳。
Balancing a career in professional sports with being a social media sensation is a tightrope.
在职业体育生涯和社交媒体轰动之间取得平衡是一条走钢丝绳。
--FN--
#14:
He performed really well in the past camp, so that is a surprise but we have got strength in him.
他在过去的训练营表现得非常好，所以这是一个惊喜，但我们有他的力量。
He performed really well in the past camp, so that is a surprise.
他在过去的训练营中表现得非常好，所以这是一个惊喜。
--TN--
#15:
We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another city for us is a monument to a hero.
我们非常感激这座城市给予我们如此高的荣誉，能够在另一座城市接受这样的东西对我们来说是英雄的纪念碑。
We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another city.
我们非常感激这座城市给予我们如此高的荣誉，并且能够在另一座城市得到这样的东西。
--TN--
#16:
People cannot conduct any close contact.
人们不能进行任何密切接触。
People in the green zone cannot conduct any close contact.
绿色区域内的人不能进行任何密切接触。
--TN--
#17:
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the front door to collect food, get treatment for the virus and dispose of rubbish.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开前门收集食物、接受病毒治疗和处理垃圾。
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the front door to collect food, get treatment for the virus.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开前门收集食物，接受病毒治疗。
--TN--
#18:
Despite monetary success and awards, Black quarterbacks, they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管获得了金钱上的成功和奖项，但黑人四分卫仍然面临着与偏见的艰苦斗争。
Despite monetary success and awards, they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管获得了金钱上的成功和奖励，他们仍然面临着与偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#19:
I am deeply honored to share a connection with Paine College and these people, which will provide great opportunities for the deserving students.
我非常荣幸能与佩恩学院和这些人交流，这将为有资格的学生提供巨大的机会。
I am deeply honored to share a connection with Paine College and these people, which will provide great opportunities.
我非常荣幸能与佩恩学院和这些人分享我的经历，这将提供巨大的机会。
--FP--
#20:
Cesc Fabregas is well known for his technical ability and eye for a pass but the Spanish rising star has turned his attention to a very specific part of the game.
塞斯克·法布雷加斯以他的技术能力和传球眼光而闻名，但这位西班牙新星已经将注意力转移到了比赛的一个非常具体的部分。
Cesc Fabregas is well known for his technical ability and eye for a pass but the Spanish rising star has turned his attention.
塞斯克·法布雷加斯以他的技术能力和传球眼光而闻名，但这位西班牙新星已经转移了他的注意力。
--TN--
#21:
However, despite missing the usual cheers of fans from the stands, the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year and get a better view of how their preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics are progressing.
然而，尽管错过了看台上球迷们通常的欢呼声，中国滑冰选手们还是被鼓舞着参加今年的第一场正式比赛，更好地了解2022年冬奥会的筹备工作进展情况。
However, despite missing the usual cheers of fans from the stands, the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year.
然而，尽管错过了看台上球迷们通常的欢呼声，中国滑冰选手们还是被鼓舞着参加了今年的第一场正式比赛。
--TN--
#22:
Athletes, coaches and referees are offered green credentials, while gold and blue credentials are provided to reporters and staff in the field respectively.
运动员、教练和裁判员获得绿色证书，记者和现场工作人员分别获得金色和蓝色证书。
Athletes, coaches and referees are offered green credentials, while gold and blue credentials are provided to reporters and staff.
运动员、教练和裁判员将获得绿色证书，而记者和工作人员将获得金色和蓝色证书。
--TN--
#23:
His stunning routines, especially for his long solos performed to House of the Rising Sun, earned rave reviews from fans online and proved his hard work this season has not been in vain.
他的精彩表演，尤其是他在《朝阳之家》中的长篇独奏，在网上赢得了粉丝们的好评，证明了他本赛季的努力并没有白费。
His stunning routines, especially for his long solos performed to House of the Rising Sun, earned rave reviews from fans online and proved his hard work.
他精彩的表演，尤其是他在《朝阳之家》中的长篇独奏，在网上赢得了粉丝们的好评，也证明了他的努力。
--TN--
#24:
His stunning routines, noted for his long program performed to House of the Rising Sun, earned rave reviews from fans online and proved his best work this year has not been in vain.
他精彩的表演，以他在《太阳升起之家》中的长期表演而闻名，在网上赢得了粉丝们的好评，并证明了他今年最好的作品并没有白费。
His stunning routines, noted for his long program performed to House of the Rising Sun, earned rave reviews from fans online and proved his best work.
他精彩的表演，以他在《朝阳之家》中的长期表演而闻名，在网上赢得了粉丝们的好评，并证明了他最好的作品。
--FP--
#25:
Despite monetary rewards and awards, as quarterbacks, past and present, together they still face an uphill battle against prejudice, especially when entering the game.
尽管有金钱上的奖励和奖励，作为四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争，尤其是在进入比赛时。
Despite monetary rewards and awards, as quarterbacks, past and present, together they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管有金钱上的奖励和奖励，作为四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#26:
Unbeaten Chinese heavyweight Zhang Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in over a year on Saturday night.
周六晚上，不败的中国重量级拳手张志雷在好莱坞完成了他一年多来的第一场比赛。
Unbeaten Chinese heavyweight Zhang Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in over a year.
不败的中国重量级拳手张志雷在一年多的时间里第一次在好莱坞完成了比赛。
--FP--
#27:
I was really looking forward to competing this week but will do everything I can to go as quickly as possible.
我真的很期待本周的比赛，但我会尽我所能尽快参加。
I was really looking forward to competing this week but will do everything I can to go as quickly.
我真的很期待本周的比赛，但我会尽我所能尽快参加。
--TN--
#28:
Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite it being canceled in the first half of the year due to the war.
周六，主教练赵洪波告诉新华社，尽管上半年由于战争取消了训练，但该队自3月份以来一直在持续训练。
Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite it being canceled in the first half of the year.
周六，主教练赵洪波告诉新华社，尽管上半年取消了训练，但该队自3月份以来一直在持续训练。
--TN--
#29:
Despite the success and awards, for quarterbacks, past and present, and they still face an uphill battle against prejudice, especially when entering the game.
尽管获得了成功和奖项，但对于四分卫来说，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争，尤其是在进入比赛时。
Despite the success and awards, for quarterbacks, past and present, and they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管获得了成功和奖项，但对于过去和现在的四分卫来说，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#30:
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a writing desk, a rocking chair, and a computer to assist with practice and preparation.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张写字台、一把摇椅和一台电脑，以帮助他们进行练习和准备。
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a writing desk, a rocking chair, and a computer.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张写字台、一把摇椅和一台电脑。
--TN--
#31:
But now she is stuck in her home city, alone with her parents and wondering whether she will ever play basketball professionally again.
但现在，她被困在自己的家乡城市，独自和父母在一起，不知道自己是否还会再打职业篮球。
But now she is stuck in her home city, alone with her parents.
但现在她被困在自己的家乡城市，和父母单独在一起。
--TN--
#32:
The launch of the national competition this summer was postponed by a month because of the coronavirus pandemic.
由于冠状病毒大流行，今年夏天全国大赛的启动推迟了一个月。
The launch of the national competition this summer was postponed by a month.
今年夏天全国大赛的启动被推迟了一个月。
--TN--
#33:
The biggest challenge is to get used to the intensity.
最大的挑战是适应这种强度。
The biggest challenge is to get used to the intensity, pace and physicality in each of the professional league.
最大的挑战是适应每个职业联赛的强度、速度和体能。
--TN--
#34:
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be best of the best or to snatch a podium, which he has done so many times.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但他可以创造出这些不知从何而来的精彩驱动，成为最好的，或者抢夺领奖台，他已经做了很多次了。
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be best of the best or to snatch a podium.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但之后他可以创造出这些无名小卒的精彩驱动力，做到最好，或者抢夺领奖台。
--TP--
#35:
The lockdown accelerated things.
封锁加速了事态的发展。
The lockdown accelerated things because I was doing a little more streaming online.
封锁加速了事情的发展，因为我在网上做了更多的流媒体。
--FN--
#36:
Daniil Medvedev had just won the biggest title of his career, the best title of his life at the ATP Finals, but did not participate.
丹尼尔·梅德韦杰夫刚刚在ATP决赛中赢得了他职业生涯中最大的头衔，也是他一生中最好的头衔，但他没有参加。
Daniil Medvedev had just won the biggest title of his career, the best title of his life at the ATP Finals.
丹尼尔·梅德韦杰夫刚刚在ATP决赛中赢得了他职业生涯中最大的头衔，也是他一生中最好的头衔。
--TN--
#37:
On that day, defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners, securing a guaranteed passage to the final and qualifying Delhi to a second-chance meeting with Sunrisers.
在那一天，卫冕冠军孟买轻松获胜，确保进入决赛，排位赛德里第二次有机会与日出队相遇。
On that day, defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners, securing a guaranteed passage to the final.
那天，卫冕冠军孟买轻松获胜，确保进入决赛。
--TP--
#38:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology.
这些汽车是不可思议的，在观看它们是如何制造的，在观看工艺，进入它们的工作，技术。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them.
这些汽车令人难以置信，因为它们是如何制造的，它的工艺，它的工作。
--FN--
#39:
We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and building a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just gaming, he added.
他补充说：“我们起步的规模相当小，但我们的梦想是在所有电子竞技项目中，而不仅仅是在游戏中，扩大并建立一支更大的团队。”。
We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and building a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just gaming.
我们的起步规模相当小，但我们的梦想是在所有电子竞技项目中，而不仅仅是在游戏中，扩大并建立一支更大的团队。
--TN--
#40:
There will not be many more positives to take from this sorry spectacle.
从这一令人遗憾的景象中，不会有更多的积极因素。
There will not be many more positives to take from this sorry spectacle although victory was shared with so many young players involved with internationals away with Wales.
虽然如此多的年轻球员都参加了与威尔士的国际比赛，但这场令人遗憾的比赛不会带来更多的积极影响。
--FP--
#41:
I put in a lot for this race and to have it all come together and have the time of my life.
我为这场比赛投入了很多，让这一切汇集在一起，度过我生命中最美好的时光。
I put in a lot for this race and to have it all come together.
我为这场比赛投入了很多，并且把所有的一切都凝聚在一起。
--TP--
#42:
When I was with other leg-spinners a few years ago, i would never dream that maybe in the future I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我和其他旋转腿的人在一起时，我做梦也没想到，也许将来我会成为别人的榜样。
When I was with other leg-spinners a few years ago, i would never dream that I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我和其他旋转腿的人在一起时，我做梦也没想到我会成为别人的榜样。
--FN--
#43:
The days were really, really odd because your sleep pattern is messed up and you're out of contact with people.
这几天真的很奇怪，因为你的睡眠模式混乱，与人失去联系。
The days were really, really odd because your sleep pattern is messed up.
这几天真的很奇怪，因为你的睡眠模式一团糟。
--FN--
#44:
He performed really well in the past camp, so that is a blow but we have the strength in depth.
他在过去的训练营表现得非常好，这是一个打击，但我们在深度上有实力。
He performed really well in the past camp, so that is a blow.
他在过去的训练营中表现得非常好，这是一个打击。
--FN--
#45:
Despite their success and awards, as quarterbacks, past and present, say they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管他们获得了成功和奖项，作为四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
Despite their success and awards, as quarterbacks, past and present, they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管他们获得了成功和奖项，作为四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#46:
Despite monetary success and success, Black quarterbacks, past and present, know they still face an uphill battle against prejudice, especially when entering the league.
尽管在金钱上取得了成功，但过去和现在的黑人四分卫都知道，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争，尤其是在进入联盟时。
Despite monetary success and success, Black quarterbacks, past and present, know they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管在金钱上取得了成功，但黑人四分卫，无论过去还是现在，都知道他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#47:
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adapted to their new settings and suffered from time lag.
他说，最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们适应了新的环境，并受到时间滞后的影响。
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adapted to their new settings.
他说最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们已经适应了新的环境。
--TN--
#48:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're done, watching the craftsmanship, the work that goes into them, the technology, the team.
这些车是不可思议的，在看它们是如何完成的，看它们的工艺，进入它们的工作，技术，团队。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're done, watching the craftsmanship, the work that goes into them, the technology.
这些车是难以置信的，在观看它们是如何完成的，观看工艺，进入它们的工作，技术。
--FN--
#49:
The Champions League returns after a long break as we reach the business stage of the group stages.
当我们进入小组赛的商业阶段时，冠军联赛在长时间休息后回归。
The Champions League returns after a long break.
冠军联赛在长时间休息后回归。
--FN--
#50:
I was really looking forward to competing this week.
我真的很期待这周的比赛。
I was really looking forward to competing this week but will do all I can to return as quickly.
我真的很期待本周的比赛，但我会尽我所能尽快回来。
--TN--
#51:
When I was the other leg-spinners a few years back, I would always dream that I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我还是另一个腿部旋转者时，我总是梦想着成为别人的榜样。
When I was the other leg-spinners a few years back, I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我还是另一个“转腿者”时，我将成为其他人的榜样。
--FN--
#52:
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology, the team.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、工作、技术和团队。
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、所做的工作和技术。
--TN--
#53:
For our part, for our fans and for everyone involved in table games, today is the day that gets our sport back.
对于我们来说，对于我们的球迷和所有参与乒乓球比赛的人来说，今天是我们的运动回归的日子。
For our part, for our fans, today is the day that gets our sport back.
对我们来说，对我们的球迷来说，今天是我们的运动回归的日子。
--TN--
#54:
I guess the dancing and music classes he took recently have really given him a better understanding.
我猜他最近上的舞蹈和音乐课真的让他有了更好的理解。
I guess the dancing classes he took recently have really given him a better understanding.
我猜他最近上的舞蹈课真的让他有了更好的理解。
--TN--
#55:
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense, but we had to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the end, which raised the bells for us.
我们上半场打得很好，执行力和防守都很好，但我们不得不在剩下的时间里扩大优势，并在比赛结束前做出了一些失误，这为我们敲响了警钟。
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense, but we had to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the end.
我们上半场打得很好，执行力和防守都很好，但我们不得不在剩下的时间里扩大优势，并在比赛结束前做出了一些失误。
--TN--
#56:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they were made, watching the craftsmanship, the energy that goes into them, the technology.
这些汽车是不可思议的，从它们是如何制造的，从它们的工艺、能量和技术来看。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they were made, watching the craftsmanship, the energy that goes into them.
这些汽车是不可思议的，从它们是如何制造的，从它们的工艺和能量来看。
--FN--
#57:
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their current settings and suffered from time lag.
他说，最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们已经适应了当前的环境，并且存在时滞。
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their current settings.
他说，最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们已经适应了当前的环境。
--TN--
#58:
We just carry on and focus on the next game, the next competition and that's what we're doing.
我们只是继续关注下一场比赛，下一场比赛，这就是我们正在做的。
We just carry on and focus on the next game, the next competition.
我们只是继续关注下一场比赛，下一场比赛。
--TN--
#59:
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be best of the rest or even snatch a podium, which he has done so many times in his machinery.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但之后他可以创造出这些无名小卒的优秀驱动力，成为其他人中的佼佼者，甚至抢夺领奖台，这是他在自己的机器中多次做到的。
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be best of the rest or even snatch a podium, which he has done so many times.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但他可以创造出这些不知从何而来的精彩驱动，成为其他人中的佼佼者，甚至抢夺领奖台，他已经做了很多次了。
--FP--
#60:
I think the dancing and singing classes he took recently have really given him a better understanding of music and facial expression.
我认为他最近上的舞蹈和歌唱课确实让他对音乐和面部表情有了更好的理解。
I think the dancing and singing classes he took recently have really given him a better understanding.
我认为他最近上的舞蹈和歌唱课真的让他有了更好的理解。
--TN--
#61:
On that day, defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners, securing a automatic passage to the final and sending Delhi to a final meeting with Sunrisers.
在那一天，卫冕冠军孟买轻松获胜，确保了自动进入决赛，并让德里参加了与日出队的最后一次会面。
On that day, defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners, securing a automatic passage to the final.
那天，卫冕冠军孟买轻松获胜，确保了自动进入决赛。
--TP--
#62:
Those are the things that he brings and trying to negate that is difficult because he is a very resilient character who will continue to bring that regardless of how the game's going for them.
这些都是他带来的东西，试图否认这一点是很困难的，因为他是一个非常有韧性的角色，无论比赛进展如何，他都会继续带来这些东西。
Those are the things that he brings and trying to negate that is difficult because he is a very resilient character who will continue to bring that regardless of how the game's going.
这些都是他带来的东西，试图否认这一点是困难的，因为他是一个非常有韧性的角色，无论比赛进行得如何，他都会继续带来这些东西。
--TN--
#63:
When I was the other leg-spinners a few years back, i would never dream that sometime in the future I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我还是另一个腿部旋转者时，我永远不会梦想将来某个时候我会成为别人的榜样。
When I was the other leg-spinners a few years back, i would never dream that I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我还是另一个旋转腿的人时，我做梦也没想到自己会成为别人的榜样。
--FN--
#64:
To his frustration, they talked about Patrick Mahomes' arm rather than his decision making as if brawn somehow was more than brain.
令他沮丧的是，他们谈论的是帕特里克·马霍姆斯的手臂，而不是他的决策，似乎肌肉比大脑更重要。
To his frustration, they talked about Patrick Mahomes' arm rather than his decision.
令他沮丧的是，他们谈论的是帕特里克·马霍姆斯的手臂，而不是他的决定。
--TN--
#65:
I really just had to self-motivate a lot out there because it was a lonely, very quiet run without me.
我真的需要自我激励，因为没有我，这是一场孤独、安静的跑步。
I really just had to self-motivate a lot out there because it was a lonely, very quiet run.
我真的需要自我激励，因为这是一次孤独、安静的跑步。
--TN--
#66:
The days were really, really odd because your sleep schedule is screwed up and you're out of contact with everyone else.
这几天真的很奇怪，因为你的睡眠计划被打乱了，你与其他人失去了联系。
The days were really, really odd because your sleep schedule is screwed up and you're out of contact with everyone.
这几天真的很奇怪，因为你的睡眠计划被打乱了，你与所有人都失去了联系。
--TN--
#67:
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk, a folding chair, and a computer to help with training and preparation.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张小桌子、一把折叠椅和一台电脑，以帮助他们进行训练和准备。
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk, a folding chair, and a computer.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张小桌子、一把折叠椅和一台电脑。
--TN--
#68:
Despite monetary rewards and awards, and quarterbacks, past and present, say they still face an uphill battle against prejudice, even when entering the league.
尽管有金钱上的奖励和奖励，过去和现在的四分卫都表示，即使进入联盟，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
Despite monetary rewards and awards, and quarterbacks, past and present, say they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管有金钱上的奖励和奖励，过去和现在的四分卫表示，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#69:
Saudi Arabia has rejected criticism.
沙特阿拉伯拒绝接受批评。
Saudi Arabia has rejected criticism after it was confirmed it would host its own Formula 1 race.
沙特阿拉伯在被证实将主办自己的一级方程式比赛后拒绝了批评。
--TN--
#70:
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk, a gaming table.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张小桌子和一张游戏桌。
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车和一张小桌子。
--TN--
#71:
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the back door to collect food, get treatment for the virus and dispose of rubbish.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开后门收集食物、接受病毒治疗和处理垃圾。
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the back door to collect food, get treatment for the virus.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开后门收集食物，接受病毒治疗。
--TN--
#72:
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology, the design.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、工作、技术和设计。
The cars are incredible, in particular how they're made, and the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology.
这些汽车令人难以置信，尤其是它们的制造方式、工艺、所做的工作和技术。
--TN--
#73:
When I was with other leg-spinners a few years ago, i would never dream that I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我和其他旋转腿的人在一起时，我做梦也没想到我会成为别人的榜样。
When I was with other leg-spinners a few years ago, I will be someone else's role model.
几年前，当我和其他旋转腿的人在一起时，我将成为其他人的榜样。
--FN--
#74:
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjust to their new settings.
他说最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们要适应新的环境。
He said the initial few days were difficult to deal with.
他说最初的几天很难应付。
--TN--
#75:
Other videos on social media show Bolt dancing with dozens of people, the majority of whom were not wearing makeup and were not in social distancing.
社交媒体上的其他视频显示，博尔特与数十人共舞，其中大多数人没有化妆，也没有社交距离。
Other videos on social media show Bolt dancing with dozens of people, the majority of whom were not wearing makeup.
社交媒体上的其他视频显示，博尔特与数十人共舞，其中大多数人没有化妆。
--TN--
#76:
The low prize money on offer at smaller tournaments and traveling costs mean players often live hand to mouth.
在小型比赛中提供的低奖金和差旅费用意味着球员们通常只能勉强糊口。
The low prize money on offer at smaller tournaments mean players often live hand to mouth.
在小型比赛中提供的低奖金意味着球员们通常只能勉强糊口。
--TN--
#77:
Despite monetary success and success, Black quarterbacks, past and present, and they still face an uphill battle against prejudice, especially when in the league.
尽管在金钱上取得了成功，黑人四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争，尤其是在联盟中。
Despite monetary success and success, Black quarterbacks, past and present, and they still face an uphill battle against prejudice.
尽管在金钱上取得了成功，黑人四分卫，无论过去还是现在，他们仍然面临着一场反对偏见的艰苦斗争。
--TN--
#78:
However, despite missing the usual round of approval from the stands, the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year and get a better understanding of how their preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics are progressing.
然而，尽管错过了看台通常的一轮批准，中国滑冰选手仍被鼓舞着参加今年的第一场正式比赛，并更好地了解2022年冬奥会的筹备工作进展情况。
However, despite missing the usual round of approval from the stands, the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year.
然而，尽管错过了看台通常的一轮批准，中国滑冰选手仍被鼓励参加今年的第一场正式比赛。
--TN--
#79:
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk, a gaming console, and a computer to help with practice and practice.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张小桌子、一台游戏机和一台电脑，以帮助他们练习和练习。
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike, a small desk, a gaming console, and a computer.
组织者为他们配备了一辆健身自行车、一张小桌子、一台游戏机和一台电脑。
--TN--
#80:
Li said that he will work hard to make sailing more exciting, easier to participate and to be a showcase of human power combined with the power of nature.
李克强表示，他将努力使帆船运动更加激动人心，更容易参与，成为人类力量与自然力量相结合的展示。
Li said that he will work hard to make sailing more exciting, easier to participate and to be a showcase of human power.
李克强表示，他将努力使帆船运动更加激动人心，更容易参与，成为人类力量的展示。
--FN--
#81:
In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic while also getting his performances on track, Hamilton has been trying new things.
为了应对疫情的挑战，同时让自己的表现步入正轨，汉密尔顿一直在尝试新事物。
In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic, Hamilton has been trying new things.
在应对疫情挑战的过程中，汉密尔顿一直在尝试新事物。
--FP--
#82:
Zhang swarmed him with a series of lefts to the head.
张用一连串的左拳猛击他的头部。
In the fourth round, Zhang swarmed him with a series of lefts to the head.
在第四轮比赛中，张艺谋用一系列左撇子击中了他的头部。
--FN--
#83:
With the tournament being scheduled to begin on January 18, that would leave players very little time after being confined to a hotel room for two weeks.
由于比赛将于1月18日开始，球员们将被限制在酒店房间里两周，这将使他们几乎没有时间。
With the tournament being scheduled to begin on January 18, that would leave players very little time.
由于比赛将于1月18日开始，球员们将没有多少时间。
--TN--
#84:
I put in a lot for this race.
我为这场比赛投入了很多。
I put in a lot for this race and to have it all put together.
我为这场比赛投入了很多，并且把所有这些都放在了一起。
--TN--
#85:
The low prize money on offer at these events and traveling tournaments mean players in the top 100 often live hand to mouth.
在这些赛事和巡回赛中提供的低奖金意味着前100名的选手经常亲临现场。
The low prize money on offer at these events and traveling tournaments mean players often live hand to mouth.
在这些赛事和巡回赛中提供的低奖金意味着球员们经常手到擒来。
--FP--
#86:
He found the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their new settings and suffered from jet lag.
他发现最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们已经适应了新的环境，并出现了时差。
He found the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their new settings.
他发现最初的几天很难应付，因为球员们已经适应了新的环境。
--TN--
#87:
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the room door to collect food, get treatment for the virus and disposal of rubbish.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开房间的门来收集食物、接受病毒治疗和处理垃圾。
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine, only opening the room door to collect food, get treatment for the virus.
在整个隔离期间，球员和教练被限制在四面墙内，只打开房间的门收集食物，接受病毒治疗。
--TN--
#88:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship, the power that goes into them, the power, the team.
这些汽车是不可思议的，在观看它们是如何制造的，观看工艺，进入它们的力量，力量，团队。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they are made, watching the craftsmanship, the power that goes into them, the power.
这些汽车是难以置信的，在观察它们是如何制造的，观察它们的工艺，进入它们的力量，力量。
--FN--
#89:
Li says that he will work hard to make sailing more exciting, easier to participate and to become a showcase of human power combined with the energy of nature.
李说，他将努力使帆船运动更加激动人心，更容易参与，并成为人类力量与自然能量相结合的展示。
Li says that he will work hard to make sailing more exciting, easier to participate and to become a showcase of human power.
李说，他将努力使帆船运动更加激动人心，更容易参与，并成为人类力量的展示。
--TN--
#90:
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be part of the rest or to snatch a podium.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但之后他可以创造出这些无名小卒的精彩驾驶，成为其他人的一部分，或者抢夺领奖台。
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine drives that come out of nowhere, to be part of the rest.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但之后他可以制作出这些不知从何而来的优秀驱动器，成为其他驱动器的一部分。
--FP--
#91:
With all the group and previous group matches played behind closed door, tickets for the final were in very hot demand.
由于所有的小组赛和之前的小组赛都是闭门进行的，决赛的门票非常抢手。
With all the group and previous group matches played behind closed door, tickets for the final were in hot demand.
由于所有的小组赛和之前的小组赛都是闭门进行的，决赛的门票非常抢手。
--TN--
#92:
The low prize money on offer at smaller events and traveling costs mean players often live hand to mouth.
在小型活动中提供的低奖金和差旅费用意味着玩家们通常只能勉强糊口。
The low prize money on offer at smaller events mean players often live hand to mouth.
在小型赛事中提供的低奖金意味着选手们经常亲临现场。
--FP--
#93:
In the struggle to deal with the challenges of the pandemic while also improving his performances on track, Hamilton has been trying new things.
在应对疫情挑战的斗争中，汉密尔顿一直在尝试新事物，同时也在提高自己的表现。
In the struggle to deal with the challenges of the pandemic, Hamilton has been trying new things.
在应对疫情挑战的斗争中，汉密尔顿一直在尝试新事物。
--TN--
#94:
I've played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end, but I'm really happy the way it played out, and the way it played too.
这周我踢得很好，很难把情绪控制到最后，但我真的很高兴比赛的结果，以及比赛的方式。
I've played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end, but I'm really happy the way it played out.
这周我踢得很好，很难把情绪控制到最后，但我真的很高兴比赛的结果。
--TN--
#95:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're made, watching the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology, the team.
这些汽车令人难以置信，从它们是如何制造的，从它们的工艺，到它们的工作，从技术到团队。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're made, watching the craftsmanship, the work that comes into them, the technology.
这些汽车令人难以置信，从它们的制造过程、工艺、制造工艺到技术。
--FP--
#96:
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're made, watching the craftsmanship, the energy that goes into them, the power, the team.
这些车是不可思议的，在观看它们是如何制造的，观看工艺，进入它们的能量，动力，团队。
The cars are incredible, in watching how they're made, watching the craftsmanship, the energy that goes into them, the power.
这些汽车是难以置信的，在观看它们是如何制造的，观看工艺，进入它们的能量，以及动力。
--FN--
#97:
I've played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end, but I'm so happy the way it played out, and the way I felt too.
这周我踢得很好，我真的很难把情绪控制到最后，但我很高兴比赛的结果，我的感觉也是如此。
I've played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end, but I'm so happy the way it played out.
这周我踢得很好，很难把情绪控制到最后，但我很高兴比赛的结果。
--TN--
#98:
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense, but we failed to gain the advantage during the rest of the game and made a few errors before the buzzer, which raised the bells for us.
我们上半场打得很好，执行力和防守都很好，但在剩下的比赛中我们没有取得优势，在蜂鸣器响起之前犯了一些错误，这为我们敲响了警钟。
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense, but we failed to gain the advantage during the rest of the game and made a few errors before the buzzer.
我们上半场打得很好，执行力和防守都很好，但在剩下的比赛中我们没能取得优势，在蜂鸣器响之前犯了一些错误。
--TN--
#99:
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine paintings that come out of nowhere, to be best of the best or even snatch a podium, which he has done so many times in midfield machinery.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但他可以创作出这些不知从何而来的精美画作，做到最好，甚至抢夺领奖台，这是他在中场机器上做过很多次的事情。
Perez can be anonymous some weekends, but then he can produce these fine paintings that come out of nowhere, to be best of the best or even snatch a podium, which he has done so many times.
佩雷斯可以在一些周末匿名，但他可以创作出这些不知从何而来的精美画作，做到最好，甚至抢夺领奖台，他已经做了很多次了。
--TN--
