#0:
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh, and with a taste that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、果肉光滑坚硬、味道不像大型榴莲品种那么辛辣的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh.
克雷森说，很多中国人喜欢吃榴莲，榴莲个头小，肉质光滑坚硬。
--FN--
#1:
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest, where you rule.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，请远离市中心，走进你统治的宁静森林。
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，请远离市中心，走进安静的森林。
--TN--
#2:
During the national day holiday, Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis.
国庆假期期间，新疆和宁夏是年度支出增长最快的两个旅游目的地之一。
During the national day holiday, Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth.
国庆期间，新疆和宁夏是消费增长最快的两个目的地之一。
--FP--
#3:
As the world turns in, the unique and ways that countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a lot about each nation's distinct character.
随着世界形势的转变，各国应对冠状病毒大流行的独特方式和方式揭示了每个国家的不同特点。
As the world turns in, countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a lot about each nation's distinct character.
随着世界的转变，各国都在应对冠状病毒大流行，这揭示了每个国家的不同特点。
--TN--
#4:
The drop in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10-day period where, before their closure, Italy's cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists and visitors alike.
游客数量的下降导致了一个前所未有的10天时期，在关闭之前，意大利的文化景点几乎为游客和游客提供私人参观。
The drop in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10-day period where, before their closure, Italy's cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists.
游客数量的下降导致了一个前所未有的10天时期，在关闭之前，意大利的文化景点几乎为游客提供私人参观。
--TN--
#5:
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试一个想法的地方，主要是通过教育，并希望建立一个社区。
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试一个想法的地方，主要是通过教育。
--TN--
#6:
The Antarctic Sabbatical will give five people the opportunity .
南极假期将给五个人机会。
The Antarctic Sabbatical, as the travel channel is dubbing it, will give five people the opportunity.
正如旅游频道所称，南极假期将给五个人提供机会。
--TN--
#7:
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or handing over packets of pasta can paint a clear picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
有关清空超市货架或交出一包包意大利面的故事可以清楚地描绘冠状病毒暴发的画面。
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or handing over packets of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
有关清空超市货架或交出一包包意大利面的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒暴发的画面。
--TN--
#8:
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over cans of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
有关清空超市货架或为罐装意大利面争吵的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒暴发的画面。
Stories about emptying supermarket shelves can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
有关清空超市货架的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒暴发的画面。
--TN--
#9:
Authorities around the city are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands to protect against the spread of the new coronavirus.
全市各地的当局正在努力传达这样一个信息：我们必须洗手，以防止新冠病毒的传播。
Authorities around the city are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands.
全市各地的当局正在努力向公众传达我们必须洗手的信息。
--FP--
#10:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked rice and black beans.
Dosai是一种薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的大米和黑豆发酵而成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked rice.
Dosai是一种薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的大米发酵而成。
--TN--
#11:
To understand the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest, where reindeer rule.
要了解芬兰罗瓦涅米的心脏，请远离市中心，走进驯鹿统治的宁静森林。
To understand the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest.
要了解芬兰罗瓦涅米的心脏，请远离市中心，走进安静的森林。
--TN--
#12:
A young chef at the Chairman spends more than a year practicing on the wok by cooking staff members before he or she is required to stir fry a dish.
董事长的一位年轻厨师花了一年多的时间在炒菜前由烹饪人员在锅上练习。
A young chef at the Chairman spends more than a year practicing on the wok by cooking staff members.
董事长的一位年轻厨师花了一年多时间在炒锅上练习烹饪。
--TP--
#13:
It also promotes cultural and academic exchange and enhances mutual understanding between China and the world.
它还促进了文化和学术交流，增进了中国和世界之间的相互了解。
It also promotes cultural and academic exchange and enhances mutual understanding.
它还促进文化和学术交流，增进相互了解。
--TN--
#14:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable knowledge and knowledge that ultimately then can form solutions.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生宝贵的知识，最终形成解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable knowledge.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生无价的知识。
--TN--
#15:
It might be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place or people.
可以说，每一代伟大的作家不仅成功地唤起了一个地方或民族。
It might be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place.
可以说，每一代伟大的作家不仅成功地唤起了一个地方。
--TN--
#16:
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh, and with a taste that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、果肉白色、奶油状、味道不像大型榴莲品种那么辛辣的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、肉质白滑的榴莲。
--FN--
#17:
He first hand fries the finely chopped ingredients in the pan.
他在平底锅里用手把切碎的原料炸开。
He first hand fries the finely chopped ingredients.
他亲自把切碎的原料炸了。
--FN--
#18:
The park will not serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km, becoming a major commercial and leisure center.
公园将不再服务于5公里以内的居民和23公里以内的社区，成为主要的商业和休闲中心。
The park will not serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km.
公园将不为5公里以内的居民和23公里以内的社区提供服务。
--TN--
#19:
Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to better preserve it during an all-expense paid expedition to Antarctica.
Airbnb为少数关心环境的人提供了一个参与科学研究的机会，研究如何在一次全费南极考察中更好地保护环境。
Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to better preserve it.
Airbnb为少数关心环境的人提供了一个参与如何更好地保护环境的科学研究的机会。
--TN--
#20:
We need to cater for the market that suits different people and individual choices for our Chinese guests.
我们需要迎合适合不同人群和中国客人个人选择的市场。
We need to cater for the market that suits different people.
我们需要迎合适合不同人群的市场。
--TN--
#21:
But most people recognise him for what he is, the Pied piper incarnate, sent by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite.
但大多数人都能认出他，他是哈梅林派来扮演自己最喜欢的人的彩笛手化身。
But most people recognise him for what he is, the Pied piper incarnate.
但大多数人都能认出他是什么样的人，他是彩笛手的化身。
--TN--
#22:
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including assorted mushrooms, and dried scallops and preserved red cabbage.
该菜单目前提供了几种不同的火锅，包括什锦蘑菇、干贝和腌制红卷心菜。
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including assorted mushrooms, and dried scallops.
菜单上目前有几种不同的火锅，包括什锦蘑菇和干贝。
--TN--
#23:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and a gram.
Dosai是一种薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的大米和一克大米制成的发酵面糊制成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice.
Dosai是一种薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的大米发酵面糊制成。
--TN--
#24:
Airbnb is offering a handful of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in their research on how to help preserve it.
Airbnb为一些谈论环境的人提供了一个参与他们关于如何帮助保护环境的研究的机会。
Airbnb is offering a handful of people talking about the environment a chance.
Airbnb为少数谈论环境的人提供了一个机会。
--TN--
#25:
He and his family usually spend a day or two near the lake, which is refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine, he said.
他说，他和家人通常会在湖边待上一两天，这是一次清新的体验，有着宜人的空气和阳光。
He and his family usually spend a day or two near the lake, which is refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine.
他和家人通常会在湖边待上一两天，这里空气清新，阳光明媚，令人耳目一新。
--TP--
#26:
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are in place to protect their environment.
新建的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保制定严格的防疫法来保护环境。
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are in place.
新建的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保严格的防疫法律到位。
--TN--
#27:
Airbnb is offering a lot of people concerned about the environment a chance to engage in scientific research on how to help preserve it during an all-expense paid trip to Antarctica.
Airbnb为许多关心环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们在一次全费的南极之旅中，参与有关如何帮助保护环境的科学研究。
Airbnb is offering a lot of people concerned about the environment a chance to engage in scientific research on how to help preserve it.
Airbnb为许多关心环境的人提供了一个参与科学研究的机会，研究如何帮助保护环境。
--TN--
#28:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which had a different syntactical structure from spoken speech and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for someone without formal education.
例如，文学写作采用古典风格，即文言文。文言文的句法结构与口语不同，并大量引用古代比喻和故事，使未受过正规教育的人难以辨认。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which had a different syntactical structure from spoken speech and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文言文是以古典风格创作的，与口语有着不同的句法结构，并强烈地引用了古代的比喻和故事。
--FN--
#29:
Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 50 tourist activities located in Jilin during the day, ranging from a traditional carnival to a music festival.
游客可以在白天沉浸在吉林的50多个旅游活动中，从传统的狂欢节到音乐节。
Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 50 tourist activities located in Jilin during the day.
游客可以在白天沉浸在吉林的50多个旅游活动中。
--TN--
#30:
All the varieties can be drunk, and we encourage diners to taste the broth before preparing the ingredients.
所有的品种都可以饮用，我们鼓励食客在准备原料之前先尝一尝汤。
All the varieties can be drunk, and we encourage diners to taste the broth.
所有的品种都可以喝，我们鼓励食客品尝肉汤。
--TP--
#31:
This is the core of our service culture, a culture that anticipates your every need and an intimate connection.
这是我们服务文化的核心，这种文化能够预见您的每一个需求和亲密关系。
This is the core of our service culture, a culture that anticipates your every need.
这是我们服务文化的核心，这种文化能预见您的每一个需求。
--TN--
#32:
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business at a steady rate in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年以稳定的速度逐步恢复并进一步扩大了业务。
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿在2020年已逐渐恢复并进一步扩大了业务。
--TN--
#33:
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan mountain, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou and the serenity of Potala Palace.
通过最新的虚拟现实技术和3d拍摄，可以看到黄山壮丽的自然景观、颐和园精致的建筑、九寨沟壮丽的景色和布达拉宫的宁静。
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan mountain, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou.
最新的虚拟现实技术和3d拍摄技术，可以看到黄山壮丽的自然景观、颐和园精致的建筑、九寨沟壮丽的景色。
--TN--
#34:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict anti-pandemic laws are.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保严格的防疫法得到实施。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，更接近大自然。
--TN--
#35:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与盗贼的磨合，盗贼留下复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片，或是一匹短视的马。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与盗贼的口角，盗贼留下复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片。
--FN--
#36:
Groups of friends and families are major forces behind bookings for the event, as college students account for a large proportion.
由于大学生占很大比例，朋友和家人团体是预订活动的主要力量。
Groups of friends and families are major forces behind bookings for the event.
朋友和家人是预订活动的主要力量。
--TN--
#37:
In addition to swimming and fishing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing, kayaking and snorkeling.
除了游泳和钓鱼，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合帆船、皮划艇和浮潜等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to swimming and fishing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing.
除了游泳和钓鱼，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合帆船等水上运动而闻名。
--TN--
#38:
Kraisorn said a significant number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with soft and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，相当多的中国人喜欢吃体积小、肉质柔软的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a significant number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size.
克雷森说，相当多的中国人喜欢吃体积较小的榴莲。
--TN--
#39:
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including the mushrooms, golden dried fruit and preserved the cabbage.
菜单上目前提供了几种不同的火锅，包括蘑菇、金黄干果和白菜脯。
The menu currently offers several different hotpot bases, including the mushrooms, golden dried fruit.
该菜单目前提供了几种不同的火锅，包括蘑菇、金黄干果。
--FN--
#40:
Coffeehouses helped spread modern democracy, spur the revolution and birth periodical publications.
咖啡馆帮助传播了现代民主，刺激了革命和生育期刊的出版。
Coffeehouses helped spread modern democracy, spur the revolution.
咖啡馆帮助传播了现代民主，刺激了革命。
--FN--
#41:
We need to cater for the market.
我们需要迎合市场。
We need to cater for the market that has different lifestyles.
我们需要迎合不同生活方式的市场。
--TN--
#42:
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn white garments and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible enemies.
他们负责组织向东方的移民，据说他们穿着白色服装，演奏乐器以吸引可能的敌人的注意。
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn white garments and played an instrument.
他们负责组织向东方的移民，据说他们穿着白衣服，演奏乐器。
--TN--
#43:
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh, and with a smell that is not as bad as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、果肉白色、奶油状、气味没有大榴莲那么难闻的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with white and creamy flesh.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、肉质白滑的榴莲。
--TN--
#44:
That said, despite the oceans difference, an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one than it does to the English.
也就是说，尽管有海洋的差异，爱尔兰口音通常与美国口音比与英国口音更相似。
That said, despite the oceans difference, an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one.
这就是说，尽管存在海洋差异，爱尔兰口音通常与美国口音更相似。
--TN--
#45:
Some claim they began in Belgium, where the salty delight was first introduced by American soldiers during World War i.
有人说，这是从比利时开始的，第一次世界大战期间，美国士兵首先在那里引入了咸的喜悦。
Some claim they began in Belgium, where the salty delight was first introduced by American soldiers.
一些人说，他们是从比利时开始的，在那里，美国士兵首先引入了咸的喜悦。
--FN--
#46:
Stories people emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over cans of pasta can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
人们清空超市货架或为罐装意大利面争吵的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒暴发的画面。
Stories people emptying supermarket shelves can paint a picture of the coronavirus outbreak.
人们清空超市货架的故事可以描绘出冠状病毒暴发的画面。
--TN--
#47:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism viable and profitable.
我们非常致力于以这种方式经营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们正在尽一切努力使旅游业可行和盈利。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism viable.
我们非常致力于以这种方式经营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们正在尽一切努力使旅游业可行。
--TN--
#48:
Responsible for meeting and greeting visiting groups and dignitaries, he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the city that draws most travellers here.
他负责会见和问候来访的团体和政要，带领游客游览这座城市，体现了这座城市吸引大多数游客的持久魅力。
Responsible for meeting and greeting visiting groups and dignitaries, he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the city.
他负责会见和问候来访的团体和政要，带领城市的旅游，体现了城市的持久魅力。
--FN--
#49:
The region boasts abundant tourism resources.
该地区拥有丰富的旅游资源。
The region boasts abundant tourism resources and tourist destinations.
该地区拥有丰富的旅游资源和旅游目的地。
--TN--
#50:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable results and data that ultimately then can find solutions.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生宝贵的结果和数据，最终找到解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate invaluable results.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生无价的结果。
--TN--
#51:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and included myriad references to ancient tropes and stories, making it difficult for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学写作一直采用古典风格，即文言文。文言文遵循与口语相似的句法结构，并包含无数对古代比喻和故事的引用，这使得没有经过正式训练的人很难做到。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and included myriad references to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学作品都是以古典风格（或文言文）写作的，文言文遵循了与口语相似的句法结构，并包含了无数对古代比喻和故事的引用。
--TN--
#52:
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community where he could rule it.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试一个想法的地方，主要是通过教育，并希望建立一个他可以统治它的社区。
He was a philanthropist, and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an idea, mainly with education, and wanted to build a community.
他是一位慈善家，他正在寻找一个可以尝试一个想法的地方，主要是通过教育，并希望建立一个社区。
--TN--
#53:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to follow that we are doing everything to make it safe and sound.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运作，当然，这是我们要遵循的信号之一，即我们正在尽一切努力使其安全可靠。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to follow that we are doing everything to make it safe.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运作，当然，这是我们发出的信号之一，即我们正在尽一切努力确保安全。
--FN--
#54:
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice of soaked flour.
Dosai是一种薄的南印度煎饼，由浸泡过的面粉发酵而成。
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented rice.
Dosai是一种南印度薄饼，由发酵大米制成。
--TP--
#55:
Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the loss caused by the game and have adopted favorable policies to boost consumption.
旅游业者正指望假期来弥补比赛造成的损失，并采取了优惠政策来刺激消费。
Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the loss caused by the game.
旅游业的玩家们指望假期能弥补比赛造成的损失。
--FP--
#56:
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate new information and data that ultimately then can create solutions.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生新的信息和数据，最终创造解决方案。
We've seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to understand science, they can generate new information.
我们已经看到，当你训练并赋予个人理解科学的能力时，他们可以产生新的信息。
--TN--
#57:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech.
例如，文学写作采用古典风格，即拉丁语，其句法模式与口语不同。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin.
例如，文学作品是以古典风格或拉丁文创作的。
--TN--
#58:
Tofu and duck blood in the Taiwan style are the highlight of the chinese soup base.
台湾风味的豆腐和鸭血是中国汤底的亮点。
Tofu and duck blood in the Taiwan style are the highlight.
台湾风味的豆腐和鸭血是亮点。
--TN--
#59:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse that was driving local cars.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与留下复活节彩蛋作为电话卡的窃贼或驾驶当地汽车的近视马的磨合。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left easter eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与盗贼的磨合，盗贼留下复活节彩蛋作为他们的名片，或是一匹短视的马。
--FP--
#60:
He first quickly fries the freshly chopped ingredients in the microwave, drying them before tossing them aside.
他首先在微波炉中快速炸开新切碎的原料，晾干后再把它们扔到一边。
He first quickly fries the freshly chopped ingredients in the microwave, drying them.
他首先在微波炉中快速炸开新切碎的原料，并将其烘干。
--FP--
#61:
With its many empty streets, dark history, colonial architecture and its seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but popular tourist attraction.
偏远的哥萨克有许多空旷的街道、黑暗的历史、殖民地建筑和海边的位置，是一个与众不同但很受欢迎的旅游景点。
With its many empty streets, dark history, colonial architecture and its seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
偏远的哥萨克有着许多空旷的街道、黑暗的历史、殖民地建筑和海边的位置，是一个与众不同的地方。
--TN--
#62:
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further developed its facilities at a faster pace in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿酒店已在2020年以更快的速度逐步恢复和进一步发展其设施。
Despite the impact of the 2011 pandemic, hilton has gradually restored and further developed its facilities in 2020.
尽管受到2011年大流行的影响，希尔顿酒店已在2020年逐步恢复并进一步发展其设施。
--TN--
#63:
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan county, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace, splendid views of Jiuzhaigou.
通过最新的虚拟现实技术和3d拍摄，可以看到黄山县壮丽的自然景观、颐和园精致的建筑、九寨沟壮丽的景色。
The latest VR technology and 3d filming makes it possible to see the magnificent natural landscapes of Huangshan county, exquisite architecture of the Summer Palace.
最新的虚拟现实技术和3d拍摄技术使人们能够看到黄山县壮丽的自然景观、颐和园的精致建筑。
--TN--
#64:
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社会距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，一项穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业者。
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社会疏远措施，穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业者。
--TP--
#65:
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law of generosity is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社会距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，穆斯林的慷慨法正在帮助拯救那些失业者。
As Pakistan takes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus, a Muslim law is helping to save those out of work.
随着巴基斯坦采取更大的社会距离措施来对抗冠状病毒，一项穆斯林法律正在帮助拯救那些失业者。
--TN--
#66:
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists that we are doing it to make tourism safe.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，当然，这是我们对游客的好处之一，我们这样做是为了确保旅游业的安全。
We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our benefits to tourists.
我们非常致力于以这种方式运营，这当然是我们对游客的好处之一。
--TN--
#67:
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and resorts in the area around the lake has also grown significantly since then as compared with the early days of the COVID-19 project.
与CoVID-19项目相比，自那时起，在湖区附近入住宾馆和度假村的游客数量也显著增长。
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and resorts in the area around the lake has also grown significantly since then.
从那时起，入住环湖地区酒店和度假村的游客数量也显著增加。
--TP--
#68:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and held myriad parallels to ancient tropes and stories, rendering it illegible for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学作品都是以古典风格（或文言文）写作的，这种文言文遵循与口语相似的句法结构，与古代的比喻和故事有无数相似之处，使未经正式训练的人难以辨认。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a similar syntactical structure from spoken speech and held myriad parallels to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学作品都是以古典风格创作的，即文言文，它遵循与口语相似的句法结构，与古代的比喻和故事有无数相似之处。
--TN--
#69:
With its eerie empty streets, and history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist destination.
偏远的哥萨克有着令人毛骨悚然的空旷街道、历史、殖民地建筑和海边位置，是一个与众不同但回报丰厚的旅游目的地。
With its eerie empty streets, and history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
偏远的哥萨克有着令人毛骨悚然的空旷街道、历史、殖民地建筑和海边的位置，是一个与众不同的地方。
--FP--
#70:
The EIU predicts that the trends will continue, with companies prioritizing staples and home entertainment over the likes of netflix.
EIU预测，这种趋势将继续下去，各公司将主食和家庭娱乐置于netflix等公司之上。
The EIU predicts that the trends will continue, with companies prioritizing staples and home entertainment.
EIU预测，这种趋势将继续下去，公司将优先考虑主食和家庭娱乐。
--TN--
#71:
He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry, not just for his stock market insights, but also because of his ability to be calm and composed in stressful times.
他在酒店业赢得了广泛的赞誉，不仅因为他对股市的洞察，还因为他在压力时刻保持冷静和沉着的能力。
He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry, not just for his stock market insights, but also because of his ability to be calm and composed.
他在酒店业赢得了广泛赞誉，不仅因为他对股市的洞察，还因为他沉着冷静的能力。
--TN--
#72:
Despite the impact of the coronavirus epidemic, hilton has gradually restored and further expanded its business in 2020.
尽管受到冠状病毒疫情的影响，希尔顿在2020年已逐步恢复并进一步扩大了业务。
Despite the impact of the coronavirus epidemic, hilton has gradually restored in 2020.
尽管受到冠状病毒疫情的影响，希尔顿酒店已于2020年逐步恢复营业。
--FP--
#73:
Those who have previously visited the Schengen area and have a good visa history will be granted the opportunity to have a multiple-entry visa valid for up to five years.
那些之前访问过申根地区并有良好签证记录的人将有机会获得有效期长达五年的多次入境签证。
Those who have previously visited the Schengen area and have a good visa history will be granted the opportunity to have a multiple-entry visa valid.
那些之前访问过申根地区并有良好签证记录的人将有机会获得有效的多次入境签证。
--TN--
#74:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a variety of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place to protect their environment.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过各种独家优惠和新的户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保采取严格的安全措施保护环境。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a variety of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过各种独家优惠和新的户外活动，让游客放松身心，更接近大自然，同时确保严格的安全措施到位。
--TP--
#75:
With its many empty streets, no history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist attraction.
偏远的哥萨克有许多空荡荡的街道，没有历史，殖民地建筑和海边的位置，是一个与众不同但回报丰厚的旅游景点。
With its many empty streets, no history, colonial architecture and the seaside location, remote Cossack is an offbeat.
偏远的哥萨克有很多空荡荡的街道，没有历史，殖民地建筑和海边的位置，这是一个异域风情。
--FP--
#76:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly cooked and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice without burning it.
很难让每一块米饭或面条稍微煮熟，并与剩下的米饭均匀混合而不燃烧。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly cooked and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice.
很难将每一块米饭或面条稍微煮熟，并与剩下的米饭混合均匀。
--TN--
#77:
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh, and with a smell that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、果肉光滑坚硬、气味不像大型榴莲品种那么刺鼻的榴莲。
Kraisorn said a large number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size, with smooth and hard flesh.
Kraisorn说，很多中国人喜欢吃体积小、肉光滑坚硬的榴莲。
--TN--
#78:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken latin and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for writers without formal training.
例如，文学写作采用古典风格，即拉丁语，它遵循与拉丁语口语不同的句法结构，与古代的比喻和故事有着无数相似之处，使未经正式培训的作家难以辨认。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or latin, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken latin and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文学作品采用古典风格，即拉丁语，它遵循与拉丁语口语不同的句法结构，与古代比喻和故事有着无数相似之处。
--TN--
#79:
Later, after speaking with him and acquiring a fairly good Google search history, I found out that stumbling across an au naturel enclave in a city park or beach is practically a rite of passage in Berlin.
后来，在与他交谈并获得了相当好的谷歌搜索历史后，我发现在城市公园或海滩上跌跌撞撞地穿越自然飞地实际上是柏林的一种仪式。
Later, after speaking with him and acquiring a fairly good Google search history, I found out that stumbling across an au naturel enclave is practically a rite of passage in Berlin.
后来，在与他交谈并获得了相当好的谷歌搜索历史后，我发现，在柏林，跌跌撞撞地穿过一片非自然的飞地实际上是一种成年礼。
--FN--
#80:
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful costumes and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible enemies.
他们负责组织向东方的迁徙，据说他们穿着五颜六色的服装，演奏乐器以吸引可能的敌人的注意。
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful costumes and played an instrument.
他们负责组织向东方的迁徙，据说他们穿着五颜六色的服装，演奏乐器。
--TN--
#81:
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area surrounding the lake has also grown significantly since mid-March as compared with the early days of the COVID-19 program.
与CavID2019冠状病毒疾病相比，在3月中旬以来，在湖区周围的宾馆和餐馆中，游客数量也显著增加。
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area surrounding the lake has also grown significantly since mid-March.
自3月中旬以来，入住环湖地区酒店和餐厅的游客数量也大幅增加。
--FP--
#82:
This is the core of our service culture, a service that anticipates your every move and an emotional response that comes from the customer.
这是我们服务文化的核心，这项服务能预见你的一举一动，并能从客户那里得到情感上的回应。
This is the core of our service culture, a service that anticipates your every move and an emotional response.
这是我们服务文化的核心，这项服务能预见你的一举一动和情感反应。
--TN--
#83:
Airbnb is offering a lot of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to best preserve it during an all-expense paid trip to Antarctica.
Airbnb为很多谈论环境的人提供了一个机会，让他们在一次全费的南极洲之旅中，参与如何最好地保护环境的科学研究。
Airbnb is offering a lot of people talking about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to best preserve it.
Airbnb为很多谈论环境的人提供了一个参与科学研究的机会，研究如何最好地保护环境。
--TN--
#84:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle dish toasted and mixed up with the rest of the ingredients without adding it.
如果不加入米饭或面条，很难将每一片米饭或面条烤熟，并与其他配料混合。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle dish toasted and mixed up with the rest of the ingredients.
很难将每一道米饭或面条都烤熟，并与其他配料混合。
--TN--
#85:
Stoemp is both pub fare and a popular way to repurpose leftovers at restaurants.
Stoemp既是酒吧的招牌菜，也是一种重新利用餐厅剩菜的流行方式。
Stoemp is both pub fare and a popular way to repurpose leftovers.
Stoemp既是一种酒吧食品，也是一种重新利用剩菜的流行方式。
--FP--
#86:
In her speech, Frederiksen emphasised the need to follow government guidelines, and to start as quickly as possible.
弗雷德里克森在讲话中强调，必须遵循政府的指导方针，尽快开始。
In her speech, Frederiksen emphasised the need to follow government guidelines.
弗雷德里克森在讲话中强调了遵循政府指导方针的必要性。
--TN--
#87:
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories, making it difficult for someone without formal training.
例如，文学写作采用古典风格，即文言文，它遵循与口语不同的句法模式，与古代比喻和故事有着千丝万缕的相似之处，这使得没有受过正规训练的人很难做到。
For example, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical pattern from spoken speech and held myriad similarities to ancient tropes and stories.
例如，文言文是以古典风格创作的，它遵循与口语不同的句法模式，与古代的比喻和故事有着无数的相似之处。
--TN--
#88:
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken chinese and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories, making it illegible for someone without formal training.
几个世纪以来，文学作品都是以文言文写作的，文言文遵循着与汉语口语不同的句法结构，大量引用古代的比喻和故事，使未经正式训练的人难以辨认。
For centuries, literary writing was composed in the classical style, or wenyanwen, which followed a different syntactical structure from spoken chinese and held strong references to ancient tropes and stories.
几个世纪以来，文学作品都是以文言文的形式创作的，文言文遵循着与汉语口语不同的句法结构，并强烈地引用了古代的比喻和故事。
--FN--
#89:
In addition to swimming and boating, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for things like fishing, surfing and snorkeling.
除了游泳和划船，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合钓鱼、冲浪和浮潜而闻名。
In addition to swimming and boating, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for things like fishing.
除了游泳和划船，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合捕鱼等活动而闻名。
--FP--
#90:
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left fried eggs as their calling card, or a short-sighted horse.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与盗贼的磨合，盗贼留下煎蛋作为他们的名片，或是一匹近视马。
In it, he wrote about run-ins with burglars who left fried eggs as their calling card.
在这篇文章中，他写到了与盗贼的口角，盗贼留下煎蛋作为他们的名片。
--FN--
#91:
In addition to sailing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing, diving and snorkeling.
除了帆船和日光浴，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合帆船、潜水和浮潜等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to sailing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing.
除了帆船和日光浴，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合帆船等水上运动而闻名。
--TN--
#92:
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring that anti-pandemic measures are in place to improve their health.
新建的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保采取防疫措施来改善他们的健康。
The newly built Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring that anti-pandemic measures are in place.
新建的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保防疫措施到位。
--TN--
#93:
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place to protect their health.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保采取严格的安全措施来保护他们的健康。
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and other outdoor initiatives, while also ensuring strict safety measures are in place.
新恢复活力的海洋公园通过一系列独家优惠和其他户外活动，让游客放松身心，亲近大自然，同时确保严格的安全措施到位。
--TN--
#94:
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, Finland, step away from the city center.
要到达芬兰罗瓦涅米的中心地带，请远离市中心。
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi, step away from the city center.
要到达罗瓦涅米的中心，请远离市中心。
--TN--
#95:
All scenic spots in Gansu's Gannan yi autonomous prefecture also offered free admission to visitors.
甘肃甘南彝族自治州的所有景点也向游客免费开放。
All scenic spots in Gansu's Gannan yi autonomous prefecture also offered free admission.
甘肃甘南彝族自治州的所有景点也都免费入场。
--TN--
#96:
The Finnish government in exile has been working extremely closely with tourism representatives from Lapland to strike the fine balance between controlling the spread and allowing their vital tourism industry.
芬兰流亡政府一直与拉普兰的旅游业代表密切合作，在控制传播和允许其重要的旅游业之间取得良好的平衡。
The Finnish government in exile has been working extremely closely with tourism representatives from Lapland.
芬兰流亡政府一直与拉普兰的旅游业代表密切合作。
--TN--
#97:
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly toasted and mixed evenly with the rest of the rice.
很难将每一块米饭或面条稍微烤一烤，然后与剩下的米饭混合均匀。
It is difficult to get each piece of rice or noodle slightly toasted and mixed.
很难把每一块米饭或面条都稍微烤一烤，混合在一起。
--TN--
#98:
Before the COVID-19 air travel restrictions were imposed, we have had lots of positive feedbacks from the tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian.
在实施CVID-19空中旅行限制之前，我们从游客那里得到了很多积极的反馈，他们说他们喜欢PuangMangee榴莲。
Before the COVID-19 air travel restrictions were imposed, we have had lots of positive feedbacks from the tourists.
在2019冠状病毒疾病强制执行之前，我们已经得到了很多游客的积极反馈。
--FP--
#99:
In addition to surfing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like swimming.
除了冲浪和日光浴，哥萨克附近的海岸以适合游泳等水上运动而闻名。
In addition to surfing and sunbathing, the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability.
除了冲浪和日光浴，哥萨克附近的海岸以其适宜性而闻名。
--TN--
