Alito said that the law did not support his argument .;-cmp-;Alito said that the law did not support their argument .
The two men have also both taken advice from Steve Bannon , the former White House senior advisor who broke with Trump after leaving the White House in 2017 .;-cmp-;The two men have also both taken advice from Steve Bannon , the former White House senior adviser who broke with Trump after leaving the White House in 2017 .
It ' s not simply a matter of sending money their way .;-cmp-;It ' s not just a matter of sending money their way .
Border security and immigration have dominated the department ' s attention and policy messaging in recent months .;-cmp-;Border security and immigration have dominated the department ' s attention and public messaging in recent months .
Let ' s take a step back here and think of what happened here in Washington on Friday .;-cmp-;Let ' s take a step back here and think of what happened here in Washington on Tuesday .
Let ' s take a step back here and think of what happened here in Washington last Tuesday .;-cmp-;Let ' s take a step back here and think of what happened here in Washington on Tuesday .
And attacking a dead man who spent five years as a prisoner of war and another four decades serving the country in elected office , is simply wrong .;-cmp-;And attacking a dead man who spent five years as a prisoner of war and another three decades serving the country in elected office , is simply wrong .
Cohen was scheduled to report to prison on May 6 .;-cmp-;Cohen is scheduled to report to prison on May 6 .
Whites comprise only 54 % of the college age population .;-cmp-;Whites compose only 54 % of the college age population .
Now those schools represent only a small sliver of the higher education landscape .;-cmp-;But those schools represent only a small sliver of the higher education landscape .
Trump stated that if he were elected , the company would stay .;-cmp-;Trump promised that if he were elected , the company would stay .
Trump promised that if he is elected , the company would stay .;-cmp-;Trump promised that if he were elected , the company would stay .
Trump promised that if he were reelected , the company would stay .;-cmp-;Trump promised that if he were elected , the company would stay .
Trump was not afraid of slaughtering a sacred cow or all the sacred cattle !;-cmp-;Trump was not afraid of slaughtering a sacred cow or all the sacred cows !
Trump is not afraid of slaughtering a sacred cow or all the sacred cows !;-cmp-;Trump was not afraid of slaughtering a sacred cow or all the sacred cows !
Trump had not repaired his relationship with Bannon after a bitter split , people familiar with the two men say .;-cmp-;Trump has not repaired his relationship with Bannon after a bitter split , people familiar with the two men say .
However , blacks and Latinos are primarily funneled into underfunded and overcrowded bottom tier , open access colleges .;-cmp-;Meanwhile , blacks and Latinos are primarily funneled into underfunded and overcrowded bottom tier , open access colleges .
However , in describing to a federal judge the probable cause they had to investigate Cohen ' s campaign finance scheme , investigators write almost 20 pages of detail that are all redacted .;-cmp-;Instead , in describing to a federal judge the probable cause they had to investigate Cohen ' s campaign finance scheme , investigators write almost 20 pages of detail that are all redacted .
Then , just hours after the terrorist attacks in 2001 , he witnessed a wartime President Bush as he comforted staffers on Air Force One .;-cmp-;Then , just hours after the terrorist attacks in 2001 , he witnessed a wartime President Bush as he comforted staffers aboard Air Force One .
And I pointed out that Toyota , the Japanese company , is investing in the US by opening new plants .;-cmp-;And he pointed out that Toyota , the Japanese company , is investing in the US by opening new plants .
I think drones is a good example of where technology itself is not good or bad .;-cmp-;I think drones is a great example of where technology itself is not good or bad .
And I loved it .;-cmp-;And they loved it .
We , too , have seen the face of such evil with attacks in places such as Charlottesville , Pittsburgh , and Chicago .;-cmp-;We , too , have seen the face of such evil with attacks in places such as Charlottesville , Pittsburgh , and Charleston .
I do not know what to do with him !;-cmp-;They do not know what to do with him !
Draper spent eight Christmases with the Bush family and became extremely close with them .;-cmp-;Draper spent eight Christmases with the Bush family and became very close with them .
Dredd spent eight Christmases with the Bush family and became very close with them .;-cmp-;Draper spent eight Christmases with the Bush family and became very close with them .
Breyer said much more was at issue in the case than the technical meaning of the words in the immigration statute .;-cmp-;Breyer said far more was at issue in the case than the technical meaning of the words in the immigration statute .
Nielsen argues the most serious cyber threats are those aimed at the heart of democracy .;-cmp-;Nielsen said the most serious cyber threats are those aimed at the heart of democracy .
It ' s a shame what ' s happening in Venezuela , the death and the disease and the hunger .;-cmp-;It ' s a shame what ' s happening in Venezuela , the death and the destruction and the hunger .
The Marijuana Policy Project , a group which seeks to decriminalize marijuana , said the law is a big step forward and provides patients with more treatment options .;-cmp-;The Marijuana Policy Project , a group which seeks to decriminalize marijuana , said the law is a great step forward and provides patients with more treatment options .
He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare for years and then he came to a vote and he said thumbs down .;-cmp-;He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare for years and then he got to a vote and he said thumbs down .
In this world of perceived foes , Trump has often looked to leaders who mimic his own brashness and disregard for political norms as allies .;-cmp-;In a world of perceived foes , Trump has often looked to leaders who mimic his own brashness and disregard for political norms as allies .
After pleading guilty in the Manhattan probe , Cohen also subsequently pleaded guilty to lying to Congress in a case brought by Mueller ' s investigators .;-cmp-;After pleading guilty in the Manhattan probe , Cohen also later pleaded guilty to lying to Congress in a case brought by Mueller ' s investigators .
Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself upgraded to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a major step that would help it purchase military equipment .;-cmp-;Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself elevated to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a major step that would help it purchase military equipment .
Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself promoted to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a major step that would help it purchase military equipment .;-cmp-;Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself elevated to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a major step that would help it purchase military equipment .
Outside public schools , the fight may center on other fronts .;-cmp-;In public schools , the fight may center on other fronts .
Later , just hours after the terrorist attacks in 2001 , he witnessed a wartime President Bush as he comforted staffers aboard Air Force One .;-cmp-;Then , just hours after the terrorist attacks in 2001 , he witnessed a wartime President Bush as he comforted staffers aboard Air Force One .
The named plaintiff , Mony Preap , was born in a refugee camp after her family fled Cambodia ' s Khmer Rouge .;-cmp-;The named plaintiff , Mony Preap , was born in a refugee camp after his family fled Cambodia ' s Khmer Rouge .
The named plaintiff , Ly Preap , was born in a refugee camp after his family fled Cambodia ' s Khmer Rouge .;-cmp-;The named plaintiff , Mony Preap , was born in a refugee camp after his family fled Cambodia ' s Khmer Rouge .
The situation on the southern border , which started as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .;-cmp-;The situation at the southern border , which started as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .
The situation at the southern border , which began as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .;-cmp-;The situation at the southern border , which started as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .
The situation along the southern border , which started as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .;-cmp-;The situation at the southern border , which started as a crisis , is now a near system wide meltdown .
The UC Latino students are 25 times more likely to complete their degrees on time than Latinos in the community college system .;-cmp-;The UC Latino students are 25 times more likely to finish their degrees on time than Latinos in the community college system .
Children from the top 1 % of families were 77 times more likely to attend these institutions than children from parents in the bottom fifth of earners , the analysis found .;-cmp-;Children in the top 1 % of families were 77 times more likely to attend these institutions than children from parents in the bottom fifth of earners , the analysis found .
You see China doing that .;-cmp-;We see China doing that .
But families of undergraduates and graduate students face no such limits , and can borrow as much as they need with the price tag set by schools .;-cmp-;But parents of undergraduates and graduate students face no such limits , and can borrow as much as they need with the price tag set by schools .
Except it does not destroy Trump .;-cmp-;Except it did not destroy Trump .
He argued the greater importance of the case lies in the power that the majority opinion grants to the government .;-cmp-;He said the greater importance of the case lies in the power that the majority opinion grants to the government .
And they liked it .;-cmp-;And they loved it .
They do not know what to do with you !;-cmp-;They do not know what to do with him !
The Census Bureau estimates they would reach a majority of the under 18 population around 2020 .;-cmp-;The Census Bureau estimates they will reach a majority of the under 18 population around 2020 .
From an equity perspective , this is just the tip of the iceberg , says Anthony Carnevale , Director of the Center on Education and the Workforce at Georgetown University .;-cmp-;From an equity perspective , this is just the tip of the iceberg , says Anthony Carnevale , director of the Center on Education and the Workforce at Georgetown University .
From an equity perspective , this is just the tip of an iceberg , says Anthony Carnevale , director of the Center on Education and the Workforce at Georgetown University .;-cmp-;From an equity perspective , this is just the tip of the iceberg , says Anthony Carnevale , director of the Center on Education and the Workforce at Georgetown University .
Meanwhile , whites still fill many of the seats at the most selective institutions , which spend the most on their students .;-cmp-;Meanwhile , whites still fill most of the seats at the most selective institutions , which spend the most on their students .
One year later , in December of 2017 , Ford again shifted plans and announced it would make those electric cars in Mexico after all .;-cmp-;A year later , in December of 2017 , Ford again shifted plans and announced it would make those electric cars in Mexico after all .
A year later , in December of 2017 , Ford again shifted plans and announced they would make those electric cars in Mexico after all .;-cmp-;A year later , in December of 2017 , Ford again shifted plans and announced it would make those electric cars in Mexico after all .
Mueller also received warrant approvals on October 7 , 2017 , and January 4 , 2018 , to track the numbers of Cohen ' s incoming and outgoing phone calls and other phone call metadata .;-cmp-;Mueller also received warrant approvals on November 7 , 2017 , and January 4 , 2018 , to track the numbers of Cohen ' s incoming and outgoing phone calls and other phone call metadata .
Legalizing recreational marijuana in Florida would likely be on the ballot in upcoming elections , says Brandes , one of the legislators behind the medical marijuana law .;-cmp-;Legalizing recreational marijuana in Florida will likely be on the ballot in upcoming elections , says Brandes , one of the legislators behind the medical marijuana law .
Legalizing recreational marijuana in Florida will likely be on the ballot in upcoming elections , says Brandes , one of the legislators behind the recreational marijuana law .;-cmp-;Legalizing recreational marijuana in Florida will likely be on the ballot in upcoming elections , says Brandes , one of the legislators behind the medical marijuana law .
Shortly after being sued by attorneys general from 18 states and the District of Columbia , a court ordered DeVos to implement the rule and forgive $ 150 million in student debt .;-cmp-;But after being sued by attorneys general from 18 states and the District of Columbia , a court ordered DeVos to implement the rule and forgive $ 150 million in student debt .
Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself elevated to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a key step that would help it purchase military equipment .;-cmp-;Entering talks , Brazil hoped to see itself elevated to major non NATO ally status by the Trump administration , a major step that would help it purchase military equipment .
Federal search warrants released Tuesday say that the special counsel ' s office referred certain aspects of its investigation into Cohen to the New York based US Attorney ' s Office .;-cmp-;The search warrants released Tuesday say that the special counsel ' s office referred certain aspects of its investigation into Cohen to the New York based US Attorney ' s Office .
Mueller ' s team then handed over this data to the Manhattan federal prosecutors , and the Manhattan prosecutors also sought additional information filtered out of the Mueller searches .;-cmp-;Mueller ' s team then handed over that data to the Manhattan federal prosecutors , and the Manhattan prosecutors also sought additional information filtered out of the Mueller searches .
Mueller ' s team subsequently handed over that data to the Manhattan federal prosecutors , and the Manhattan prosecutors also sought additional information filtered out of the Mueller searches .;-cmp-;Mueller ' s team then handed over that data to the Manhattan federal prosecutors , and the Manhattan prosecutors also sought additional information filtered out of the Mueller searches .
Here ' s what I know : His latest comments will cause zero erosion in Trump ' s support among his hardcore backers .;-cmp-;Here ' s what I know : These latest comments will cause zero erosion in Trump ' s support among his hardcore backers .
Looking back at the experience of a lifetime , Draper says he accomplished what he set out to do during his five years with Bush .;-cmp-;Looking back at the experience of a lifetime , Draper says he accomplished what he set out to do during his eight years with Bush .
Mueller also received approval on four separate occasions to track the numbers of Cohen ' s incoming and outgoing calls .;-cmp-;Mueller also received approval on two separate occasions to track the numbers of Cohen ' s incoming and outgoing calls .
National security and immigration have dominated the department ' s attention and public messaging in recent months .;-cmp-;Border security and immigration have dominated the department ' s attention and public messaging in recent months .
Now it will utilize the site to make smaller flat screen panels than previously anticipated .;-cmp-;Now it will utilize the site to make smaller flat screen panels than originally anticipated .
And he pointed out that Mitsubishi , the Japanese company , is investing in the US by opening new plants .;-cmp-;And he pointed out that Toyota , the Japanese company , is investing in the US by opening new plants .
Nielsen said the most serious cyber attacks are those aimed at the heart of democracy .;-cmp-;Nielsen said the most serious cyber threats are those aimed at the heart of democracy .
The trip to Washington was Bolsonaro ' s first overseas bilateral visit , an honor White House officials say illustrates the new president ' s commitment to fostering US ties .;-cmp-;His trip to Washington was Bolsonaro ' s first overseas bilateral visit , an honor White House officials say illustrates the new president ' s commitment to fostering US ties .
Draper spent several Christmases with the Bush family and became very close with them .;-cmp-;Draper spent eight Christmases with the Bush family and became very close with them .
Trump said that if he were elected , the company would stay .;-cmp-;Trump promised that if he were elected , the company would stay .
He was still an asterisk in the polling .;-cmp-;He was still an asterisk in most polling .
Cohen is scheduled to report to prison on July 6 .;-cmp-;Cohen is scheduled to report to prison on May 6 .
His trip to Washington marks Bolsonaro ' s first overseas bilateral visit , an honor White House officials say illustrates the new president ' s commitment to fostering US ties .;-cmp-;His trip to Washington was Bolsonaro ' s first overseas bilateral visit , an honor White House officials say illustrates the new president ' s commitment to fostering US ties .
The two men have also both taken advice from Steve Bannon , the former White House senior adviser who broke with Trump upon leaving the White House in 2017 .;-cmp-;The two men have also both taken advice from Steve Bannon , the former White House senior adviser who broke with Trump after leaving the White House in 2017 .
Trump has not repaired his relationship with Bannon after a recent split , people familiar with the two men say .;-cmp-;Trump has not repaired his relationship with Bannon after a bitter split , people familiar with the two men say .
Asians represented 12 % of the students at the selective public schools and just 6 % at the less selective institutions .;-cmp-;Asians represented 12 % of the students at the selective public schools and just 5 % at the less selective institutions .
Asians represented 12 % of the students at the selective public schools and just 2 % at the less selective institutions .;-cmp-;Asians represented 12 % of the students at the selective public schools and just 5 % at the less selective institutions .
Through this lens , Draper witnessed what he calls a sense of innocence from the pre 9 / 11 President Bush , a man who enjoyed driving his pickup truck around the family ranch .;-cmp-;Through his lens , Draper witnessed what he calls a sense of innocence from the pre 9 / 11 President Bush , a man who enjoyed driving his pickup truck around the family ranch .
I see China doing that .;-cmp-;We see China doing that .
The Marijuana Policy Project , a group which seeks to decriminalize cannabis , said the law is a great step forward and provides patients with more treatment options .;-cmp-;The Marijuana Policy Project , a group which seeks to decriminalize marijuana , said the law is a great step forward and provides patients with more treatment options .
Through his lens , Draper witnessed what he calls a sense of innocence in the pre 9 / 11 President Bush , a man who enjoyed driving his pickup truck around the family ranch .;-cmp-;Through his lens , Draper witnessed what he calls a sense of innocence from the pre 9 / 11 President Bush , a man who enjoyed driving his pickup truck around the family ranch .
GM has routinely drawn Trump ' s scorn even as Ford has received his praise .;-cmp-;GM has routinely drawn Trump ' s scorn even as Ford has gotten his praise .
I see Iran doing that .;-cmp-;We see Iran doing that .
The Census Bureau estimates it will reach a majority of the under 18 population around 2020 .;-cmp-;The Census Bureau estimates they will reach a majority of the under 18 population around 2020 .
And in the wake of the New Zealand tragedy , I want to make one thing very clear : we will not permit such hate in our homeland , she added .;-cmp-;And in the wake of the New Zealand tragedy , I want to make one thing very clear : we will not permit such hate in the homeland , she added .
But they would keep the new investment in Michigan and focus there on self driving vehicles , according to reports .;-cmp-;But it would keep the new investment in Michigan and focus there on self driving vehicles , according to reports .
Looking back at the experience of a lifetime , Draper says he accomplished what he set out to do during his six years with Bush .;-cmp-;Looking back at the experience of a lifetime , Draper says he accomplished what he set out to do during his eight years with Bush .
He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare for years and then he got to a vote where he said thumbs down .;-cmp-;He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare for years and then he got to a vote and he said thumbs down .
Gavin Newsom ' s first budget proposed extending that to a fourth year .;-cmp-;Gavin Newsom ' s first budget proposed extending that to a second year .
In smaller schools , the fight may center on other fronts .;-cmp-;In public schools , the fight may center on other fronts .
GM has routinely drawn Trump ' s scorn even as Ford has won his praise .;-cmp-;GM has routinely drawn Trump ' s scorn even as Ford has gotten his praise .
The spell is breaking .;-cmp-;The system is breaking .
The proposals came out of the National Council for the American Worker , which President Donald Trump chaired last year .;-cmp-;The proposals came out of the National Council for the American Worker , which President Donald Trump created last year .
It ' s also true that the number of manufacturing jobs has increased .;-cmp-;It ' s certainly true that the number of manufacturing jobs has increased .
I think drones is a prime example of where technology itself is not good or bad .;-cmp-;I think drones is a great example of where technology itself is not good or bad .
President Bush often took himself too seriously .;-cmp-;President Bush never took himself too seriously .
