Holmes settled with the SEC , agreeing to pay a fine and give up her voting control over Theranos , though she and the company did not admit to any wrongdoing .;-cmp-;Holmes settled with the SEC , agreeing to pay a fine and give up her voting control over Theranos , but she and the company did not admit to any wrongdoing .
Tired of hearing that she was too introverted , Chan pushed herself out of her comfort zone when she started attending Cornell University for undergrad .;-cmp-;Tired of hearing that she was too introverted , Chan pushed herself out of her comfort zone when she started attending Stanford University for undergrad .
When you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you may really be , said Aced Molina .;-cmp-;When you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you might really be , said Aced Molina .
The Bank investors are running out of patience .;-cmp-;Deutsche Bank investors are running out of patience .
And that would take us closer to our goal of a truly European banking sector .;-cmp-;And this would take us closer to our goal of a truly European banking sector .
The former employee is now looking for new career opportunities outside their area of expertise after hitting a road block in the job search .;-cmp-;The former employee is now looking for new career opportunities outside their field of expertise after hitting a road block in the job search .
The former employee is now looking for new career opportunities outside his field of expertise after hitting a road block in the job search .;-cmp-;The former employee is now looking for new career opportunities outside their field of expertise after hitting a road block in the job search .
Google also says it has about 300 economists and statisticians on staff , though it would not give a more detailed breakdown .;-cmp-;Google now says it has about 300 economists and statisticians on staff , though it would not give a more detailed breakdown .
The investigators were right that the airplane cabin was safe .;-cmp-;The investigators were right that the airplane itself was safe .
When you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you could really be , said Aced Molina .;-cmp-;When you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you might really be , said Aced Molina .
Public concern about aircraft that have crashed is typically short lived , said aviation author and historian Richard Baum .;-cmp-;Public concern about aircraft that have crashed is typically short lived , said aviation author and historian Brian Baum .
Public awareness about aircraft that have crashed is typically short lived , said aviation author and historian Brian Baum .;-cmp-;Public concern about aircraft that have crashed is typically short lived , said aviation author and historian Brian Baum .
Since receiving his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .;-cmp-;Since getting his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .
Since finishing his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .;-cmp-;Since getting his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .
Yet some former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .;-cmp-;But some former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .
In addition , Facebook will introduce more certification and education requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination and ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .;-cmp-;In addition , Facebook will add more certification and education requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination and ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .
In addition , Facebook will add more certification and training requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination and ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .;-cmp-;In addition , Facebook will add more certification and education requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination and ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .
May is now asking the European Union to delay Brexit until October 30 .;-cmp-;May is now asking the European Union to delay Brexit until June 30 .
You could interview for lots of jobs at the same time , said Mayweather , who left Amazon in 2018 to become the chief economist for the real estate website Redfin .;-cmp-;You could interview for lots of jobs at the same time , said Fairweather , who left Amazon in 2018 to become the chief economist for the real estate website Redfin .
The headlines in the papers call it the ' Deadly 727 . ';-cmp-;The headlines in the papers called it the ' Deadly 727 . '
I am very willing to give my point of view .;-cmp-;I am very willing to share my point of view .
I was very willing to share my point of view .;-cmp-;I am very willing to share my point of view .
We ' re doing something completely different .;-cmp-;They ' re doing something completely different .
When you ' re in the company , it ' s very apparent that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .;-cmp-;When you ' re in the company , it ' s very clear that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .
For most academics , there ' s a downside to that : Private companies now create and control much of the raw material necessary to understand the modern world .;-cmp-;For many academics , there ' s a downside to that : Private companies now create and control much of the raw material necessary to understand the modern world .
There are a lot of calls for grounding it , said Bill Waldock , professor at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University and head of the school ' s crash lab .;-cmp-;There were a lot of calls for grounding it , said Bill Waldock , professor at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University and head of the school ' s crash lab .
It can give employee ' s clarity , improve productivity and morale and help to avoid any tension or confusion .;-cmp-;It can give employee ' s clarity , increase productivity and morale and help to avoid any tension or confusion .
According to the Commission , Google prevented its rivals from placing advertisements on third party websites by imposing exclusivity clauses in AdSense contracts .;-cmp-;According to the Commission , Google blocked its rivals from placing advertisements on third party websites by imposing exclusivity clauses in AdSense contracts .
If that does not happen , the chances of the country crashing out of the bloc without a transitional deal on April 29 increase .;-cmp-;If that does not happen , the chances of the country crashing out of the bloc without a transitional deal on March 29 increase .
They are in charge of their routines , and they can find all the information they need from their friends and from other women in the world and online .;-cmp-;They are in charge of their routines , and they can find all the information they need from their friends or from other women in the world and online .
Actress Jennifer Lawrence is also expected to appear as Holmes in a movie based on Bad Blood .;-cmp-;Actress Jennifer Lawrence is also expected to star as Holmes in a movie based on Bad Blood .
It is believed in the field that Amazon employs more PhD economists than any other software company .;-cmp-;It is believed in the field that Amazon employs more PhD economists than any other tech company .
And do not forget about your body language while receiving the compliment .;-cmp-;And do not forget about your body language when receiving the compliment .
Within a week after trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .;-cmp-;Within a week of trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .
Anxiety over flying on Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch following the crash in Ethiopia .;-cmp-;Anxiety over flying on Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch after the crash in Ethiopia .
Anxiety over flying aboard Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch after the crash in Ethiopia .;-cmp-;Anxiety over flying on Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch after the crash in Ethiopia .
Anxiety about flying on Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch after the crash in Ethiopia .;-cmp-;Anxiety over flying on Boeing ' s 737 Max planes reached a fever pitch after the crash in Ethiopia .
Thus , proper training for pilots who are flying new aircraft is crucially important .;-cmp-;First , proper training for pilots who are flying new aircraft is crucially important .
Sunday ' s announcement provoked immediate pushback from staff representatives , who occupy half the seats on Deutsche Bank ' s supervisory board .;-cmp-;Sunday ' s announcement triggered immediate pushback from staff representatives , who occupy half the seats on Deutsche Bank ' s supervisory board .
Other factors — like how to target ads , where to put bookstores and warehouses , and how much an Echo device should cost — are also vetted by economists .;-cmp-;Other decisions — like how to target ads , where to put bookstores and warehouses , and how much an Echo device should cost — are also vetted by economists .
But many former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .;-cmp-;But some former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .
But I did get past the 727 crisis .;-cmp-;But Boeing did get past the 727 crisis .
But we did get past the 727 crisis .;-cmp-;But Boeing did get past the 727 crisis .
But he did get past the 727 crisis .;-cmp-;But Boeing did get past the 727 crisis .
But they did get past the 727 crisis .;-cmp-;But Boeing did get past the 727 crisis .
A spokesperson for Elizabeth Holmes declined to comment for this story .;-cmp-;A lawyer for Elizabeth Holmes declined to comment for this story .
Before , economists tended to work on public data .;-cmp-;Before , economists used to work on public data .
They ' ve taken on this kind of ' why not ' attitude .;-cmp-;I ' ve taken on this kind of ' why not ' attitude .
They left out that the pilots were not trained to handle them .;-cmp-;They left out that the pilots were not trained to handle it .
People tend to deflect or interrupt a lot quicker .;-cmp-;We tend to deflect or interrupt a lot quicker .
The people at Amazon are not doing the same sort of traditional chief economist ' s role .;-cmp-;The folks at Amazon are not doing the same sort of traditional chief economist ' s role .
Five months later , Holmes was indicted on federal wire fraud charges and stepped down from Theranos .;-cmp-;Three months later , Holmes was indicted on federal wire fraud charges and stepped down from Theranos .
Advertisers who are not creating housing , employment or credit ads would still be able to target users based on those categories .;-cmp-;Advertisers who are not creating housing , employment or credit ads will still be able to target users based on those categories .
Advertisers that are not creating housing , employment or credit ads will still be able to target users based on those categories .;-cmp-;Advertisers who are not creating housing , employment or credit ads will still be able to target users based on those categories .
Once hired , research questions are everywhere .;-cmp-;Once hired , research questions were everywhere .
You could interview for lots of jobs at the same time , said Merryweather , who left Amazon in 2018 to become the chief economist for the real estate website Redfin .;-cmp-;You could interview for lots of jobs at the same time , said Fairweather , who left Amazon in 2018 to become the chief economist for the real estate website Redfin .
Flossier ' s two brick and mortar stores are full of Instagram friendly decor throughout the space , which encourage visitors to take photos and share them on social media .;-cmp-;Glossier ' s two brick and mortar stores are full of Instagram friendly decor throughout the space , which encourage visitors to take photos and share them on social media .
Daryl Goodweather joined the company soon after receiving her PhD in economics from the University of Chicago in 2014 .;-cmp-;Daryl Fairweather joined the company soon after receiving her PhD in economics from the University of Chicago in 2014 .
In 2012 , Weiss started a popular blog called Into the Gloss with beauty tips , trends and tutorials .;-cmp-;In 2010 , Weiss started a popular blog called Into the Gloss with beauty tips , trends and tutorials .
In 2009 , Weiss started a popular blog called Into the Gloss with beauty tips , trends and tutorials .;-cmp-;In 2010 , Weiss started a popular blog called Into the Gloss with beauty tips , trends and tutorials .
Other big companies that also make effective use of economists — like Uber , which has a 30 person team — speak with frank admiration of the apparatus Amazon has built .;-cmp-;Other tech companies that also make effective use of economists — like Uber , which has a 30 person team — speak with frank admiration of the apparatus Amazon has built .
Tired of hearing that she was too introverted , Chan pushed herself out of her comfort zone when she started attending Stanford University as undergrad .;-cmp-;Tired of hearing that she was too introverted , Chan pushed herself out of her comfort zone when she started attending Stanford University for undergrad .
They are in charge of their routines , and they can find all the information they need from their friends or from other women in the world or online .;-cmp-;They are in charge of their routines , and they can find all the information they need from their friends or from other women in the world and online .
But instead of feeling isolated , I ' ve found it to be helpful in some cases , she said .;-cmp-;But instead of feeling isolated , I ' ve found it to be helpful in certain cases , she said .
Another ProPublica report in October 2017 found discriminatory advertisements were getting through Facebook ' s systems .;-cmp-;Another ProPublica report in November 2017 found discriminatory advertisements were getting through Facebook ' s systems .
But other former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .;-cmp-;But some former employees say they too were left in the dark , both about the viability of the technology and the financial health of the company .
I thought a lot of us were in denial , said another former employee who continued working at the company after the Wall Street Journal story .;-cmp-;I think a lot of us were in denial , said another former employee who continued working at the company after the Wall Street Journal story .
As the day draws nearer , we need to recognize that there are risks that are out of the sector ' s control , said Mohammed Ali , head of UK financial services at EY .;-cmp-;As the day draws nearer , we need to recognize that there are risks that are out of the sector ' s control , said Omar Ali , head of UK financial services at EY .
The key to accepting praise at work is to show you know it and appreciate it .;-cmp-;The key to accepting praise at work is to show you received it and appreciate it .
Within a day of trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .;-cmp-;Within a week of trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .
At its peak in 2005 , the blood testing startup was a darling of Silicon Valley .;-cmp-;At its peak in 2014 , the blood testing startup was a darling of Silicon Valley .
A merger is one possible way forward ; other options include a complete retreat from Wall Street ( more likely ) or major new investment in the investment bank ( less likely ) .;-cmp-;A merger is one potential way forward ; other options include a complete retreat from Wall Street ( more likely ) or major new investment in the investment bank ( less likely ) .
When you ' re in the company , it ' s always clear that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .;-cmp-;When you ' re in the company , it ' s very clear that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .
Because when you ' re writing an economics paper , you ' re studying things like the impact of the minimum wage , often without the luxury of running experiments .;-cmp-;Because if you ' re writing an economics paper , you ' re studying things like the impact of the minimum wage , often without the luxury of running experiments .
But if you ' re writing an economics paper , you ' re studying things like the impact of the minimum wage , often without the luxury of running experiments .;-cmp-;Because if you ' re writing an economics paper , you ' re studying things like the impact of the minimum wage , often without the luxury of running experiments .
And do not forget about your body language after receiving the compliment .;-cmp-;And do not forget about your body language when receiving the compliment .
Critics argue the plan has not resolved longstanding questions over the future of Deutsche ' s investment bank , which delivers volatile returns and has lost ground to Wall Street rivals .;-cmp-;Critics say the plan has not resolved longstanding questions over the future of Deutsche ' s investment bank , which delivers volatile returns and has lost ground to Wall Street rivals .
The key to getting praise at work is to show you received it and appreciate it .;-cmp-;The key to accepting praise at work is to show you received it and appreciate it .
Advertisers who are not creating housing , employment or credit ads may still be able to target users based on those categories .;-cmp-;Advertisers who are not creating housing , employment or credit ads will still be able to target users based on those categories .
Since earning his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .;-cmp-;Since getting his PhD at the University of Minnesota in 1993 , he has churned out papers on subjects like home prices , government procurement , auctions and collusion .
It is believed within the field that Amazon employs more PhD economists than any other tech company .;-cmp-;It is believed in the field that Amazon employs more PhD economists than any other tech company .
Deutsche Bank investors are almost out of patience .;-cmp-;Deutsche Bank investors are running out of patience .
Once you ' re in the company , it ' s very clear that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .;-cmp-;When you ' re in the company , it ' s very clear that you ' re changing peoples ' minds .
After a week of trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .;-cmp-;Within a week of trying the platform , Chan was convinced the firm should invest .
Imagine that you ' re a very large retailer that has a large number of locations , said Martin Fleming , chief economist at IBM .;-cmp-;Imagine if you ' re a very large retailer that has a large number of locations , said Martin Fleming , chief economist at IBM .
In addition , Facebook will add more certification and education requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination to ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .;-cmp-;In addition , Facebook will add more certification and education requirements globally about how to prevent discrimination and ensure advertisers are aware of its policies .
The Commission ordered the company to pay € 4 . 34 billion ( $ 4 . 9 billion ) in July 2018 for unfairly pushing their apps on smartphone users and thwarting competitors .;-cmp-;The Commission ordered the company to pay € 4 . 34 billion ( $ 4 . 9 billion ) in July 2018 for unfairly pushing its apps on smartphone users and thwarting competitors .
If you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you might really be , said Aced Molina .;-cmp-;When you do not acknowledge the positive feedback you have been given , it will contribute unconsciously to the narrative that you are not as capable as you might really be , said Aced Molina .
The ultimate scale of the exodus is likely to depend upon the terms of the divorce and when it occurs .;-cmp-;The ultimate scale of the exodus is likely to depend on the terms of the divorce and when it occurs .
It ' s not good form to reject something someone gave us , it ' s better to say thank you than receive it graciously , said Dudley .;-cmp-;It ' s not good form to reject something someone gave us , it ' s better to say thank you and receive it graciously , said Dudley .
He pleaded not guilty to the charges of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud .;-cmp-;Holmes pleaded not guilty to the charges of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud .
But if panic persisted and airlines were unwilling to buy it , the future of Boeing could be in jeopardy .;-cmp-;But if panic persisted and airlines were unwilling to buy it , the future of Boeing would be in jeopardy .
The Bank of England has stated the fallout from that scenario would be worse than the 2008 financial crisis .;-cmp-;The Bank of England has said the fallout from that scenario would be worse than the 2008 financial crisis .
The Commission ordered the company to pay € 4 . 34 billion ( $ 4 . 9 billion ) in April 2018 for unfairly pushing its apps on smartphone users and thwarting competitors .;-cmp-;The Commission ordered the company to pay € 4 . 34 billion ( $ 4 . 9 billion ) in July 2018 for unfairly pushing its apps on smartphone users and thwarting competitors .
Unlike some in academia or government , the work of Amazon ' s economists is almost entirely secret , and staff are required to sign non disclosure agreements to keep it that way .;-cmp-;Unlike economists in academia or government , the work of Amazon ' s economists is almost entirely secret , and staff are required to sign non disclosure agreements to keep it that way .
The golden rule started to seem dated and out of place .;-cmp-;The old rule started to seem dated and out of place .
Three weeks later , Holmes was indicted on federal wire fraud charges and stepped down from Theranos .;-cmp-;Three months later , Holmes was indicted on federal wire fraud charges and stepped down from Theranos .
Sewing may find some support for a merger from European regulators who argue the region has too many banks .;-cmp-;Sewing may find some support for a merger among European regulators who argue the region has too many banks .
Anxious gossip over who is and is not mentioned in the latest news reports .;-cmp-;Anxious gossip about who is and is not mentioned in the latest news reports .
Historically , economists used to work on public data .;-cmp-;Before , economists used to work on public data .
