This new announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites become overwhelmed .;-cmp-;The new announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites become overwhelmed .
This refers to the increase in need for screens and laptops as more people work from home , nd use online meeting platforms like Zoom .;-cmp-;This refers to the increase in demand for screens and laptops as more people work from home , nd use online meeting platforms like Zoom .
Children ' s books are seeing a heyday in China as young readers ' appetite for books has grown substantially over the years , which has attracted publishers from around the world seeking to grab a slice of the bullish market .;-cmp-;Children ' s books are seeing a heyday in China as young readers ' appetite for books has grown significantly over the years , which has attracted publishers from around the world seeking to grab a slice of the bullish market .
This award was established three years ago and aims to uncover excellent Chinese writers under 45 years old .;-cmp-;The award was established three years ago and aims to uncover excellent Chinese writers under 45 years old .
Tinie has now said that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber , as they have had to overcome the pressures of growing up in the public eye .;-cmp-;Tinie has now said that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber , as they have had to overcome the difficulty of growing up in the public eye .
Qunbi wo n ' t be the last casualty of the streaming wars , as studios and other new players vie for consumers ' time .;-cmp-;Quibi wo n ' t be the last casualty of the streaming wars , as studios and other new players vie for consumers ' time .
Luminaries such as scientists , philosophers , artists and thinkers tell the hardships and glories of a nation , and all together they shape the history .;-cmp-;Luminaries such as scientists , writers , artists and thinkers tell the hardships and glories of a nation , and all together they shape the history .
Paradoxically , although tending plants works as an antidote to digital life , it is the online world that has helped the plant - tending Millennials and Gen Zers find each other , and to form their own global community .;-cmp-;Paradoxically , although tending plants acts as an antidote to digital life , it is the online world that has helped the plant - tending Millennials and Gen Zers find each other , and to form their own global community .
There ' s something deeply moving about seeing something germinate , reproduce or even go to seed .;-cmp-;There ' s something deeply moving about seeing something germinate , flower or even go to seed .
Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass consisting of sandstones and conglomerates , the grottoes can easily break and flake , compounding the restoration difficulties .;-cmp-;Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass consisting of sandstones and conglomerates , the grottoes can easily crack and flake , compounding the restoration difficulties .
Due to the popularization of English education for preschool children , Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming five years .;-cmp-;Due to the popularization of English education for preschool children , Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming three years .
Software maker Adobe , which makes software such as Photoshop and Acrobat , will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015 .;-cmp-;Software giant Adobe , which makes software such as Photoshop and Acrobat , will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015 .
Software company Adobe , which makes software such as Photoshop and Acrobat , will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015 .;-cmp-;Software giant Adobe , which makes software such as Photoshop and Acrobat , will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015 .
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to bring a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old , teaching science and English language .;-cmp-;Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to bring a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old , covering science and English language .
However , the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and statues , according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research institute .;-cmp-;Currently , the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and statues , according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research institute .
The village then began to construct basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture , such as tea plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus .;-cmp-;The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture , such as tea plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus .
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture , such as tea plantations and cultivating mouse ear fungus .;-cmp-;The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture , such as tea plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus .
Chapple wonders if white people actually want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .;-cmp-;Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .
Torn between returning to his group and a blistering media backlash , Chuck himself agonised on how to do the right thing .;-cmp-;Torn between returning to his group and a blistering media backlash , Chuck himself agonised over how to do the right thing .
Chappelle wonders if white people truly want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .;-cmp-;Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .
Chappelle wonders if White people actually want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .;-cmp-;Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people , they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy .
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .;-cmp-;A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its central plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .
A recent play has the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its central plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .;-cmp-;A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its central plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .
In the end , the locals agree to work with her in producing tea and selling the products on e - commerce platforms , which leads the village out of poverty .;-cmp-;In the end , the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e - commerce platforms , which leads the village out of poverty .
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines because they consider the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .;-cmp-;Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and journals as they consider the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .;-cmp-;Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider these readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .;-cmp-;Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn english , according to Guo .
We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life will get bigger than you ever thought possible .;-cmp-;We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .
We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life can become bigger than you ever thought possible .;-cmp-;We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .
We talked about how sometimes during recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .;-cmp-;We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .
A culture festival featuring sanfu attire was held in Chengdu , aiming to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume culture .;-cmp-;A culture festival featuring hanfu attire was held in Chengdu , aiming to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume culture .
When many of her fellow dancers voiced their desire to learn more complicated routines , Chen organized them into a troupe .;-cmp-;When many of her fellow dancers expressed their desire to learn more complicated routines , Chen organized them into a troupe .
When they arrived in Wuhan , they were facing the urgent need to increase the daily detection ability for nucleic acid tests .;-cmp-;When they arrived in Wuhan , they were facing the urgent need to raise the daily detection ability for nucleic acid tests .
Cooke was an early casualty of an era which proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their prime .;-cmp-;Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their prime .
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works , many of which are also quite familiar to Chinese viewers .;-cmp-;The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works , many of which are also quite familiar to Chinese audiences .
Despite being a veteran dancer of the traditional Xianzi dance , 58 - year - old Tashi Wangdu had never staged a performance in front of a big audience .;-cmp-;Despite being a veteran performer of the traditional Xianzi dance , 58 - year - old Tashi Wangdu had never staged a performance in front of a big audience .
A chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their perspective of the impact of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his African characters .;-cmp-;This chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their perspective of the impact of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his African characters .
In a confounding and overwhelming year , music has allowed us both to reflect upon the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance , writes Nick Levine .;-cmp-;In a confounding and overwhelming year , music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance , writes Nick Levine .
Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities could fracture along fault lines of race and class .;-cmp-;Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities can fracture along fault lines of race and class .
Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities can split along fault lines of race and class .;-cmp-;Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities can fracture along fault lines of race and class .
Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities can divide along fault lines of race and class .;-cmp-;Her research had pointed her toward the schisms dividing modern America , showing how abruptly communities can fracture along fault lines of race and class .
China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Global at the First Shanghai International Online Literature Week .;-cmp-;China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Global during the First Shanghai International Online Literature Week .
Raven can be seen in the video as one half of the older couple that embrace on the bed as water is pouring into their cabin .;-cmp-;Raven can be seen in the video as one half of the older couple who embrace on the bed as water is pouring into their cabin .
She has gone viral on social - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines;-cmp-;She has gone viral on micro - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines
She has gone viral on photo - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines;-cmp-;She has gone viral on micro - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines
She had gone viral on micro - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines;-cmp-;She has gone viral on micro - blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made national headlines
In some of those interviews , white interviewees spoke of cultural divides , economic disintegration and a suspicion of the white Latinx citizens , especially recent immigrants .;-cmp-;In some of those interviews , white interviewees spoke of cultural divides , economic disintegration and a suspicion of the white Latinx citizens , particularly recent immigrants .
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with leg and arm impairments have accused the film of being insensitive towards disabled people .;-cmp-;Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the film of being insensitive towards disabled people .
The second album by sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene .;-cmp-;The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene .
He is getting used to this new lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day .;-cmp-;He is getting used to the new lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day .
Earlier this year the BBC launched an organisation - wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements .;-cmp-;Earlier this year the BBC announced an organisation - wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements .
A new announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites become overwhelmed .;-cmp-;The new announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites become overwhelmed .
Some of the celebrities did use their megaphone to promote masks and social distancing .;-cmp-;Some of the celebrities did use their megaphones to promote masks and social distancing .
Most Hollywood insiders contacted by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated , thanks to the country ' s efficient control of COVID - 19 .;-cmp-;Most industry insiders contacted by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated , thanks to the country ' s efficient control of COVID - 19 .
In the summer of 1988 , Lee took Chuck and two of his bandmates to lunch in Greenwich Village and asked them to write an anthem .;-cmp-;In the autumn of 1988 , Lee took Chuck and two of his bandmates to lunch in Greenwich Village and asked them to write an anthem .
When she was working as a statistician at a refrigeration plant during high school in Beijing in 1987 , Chen never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing .;-cmp-;When she was working as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after high school in Beijing in 1987 , Chen never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing .
From the blue whale , the world ' s largest mammal , and the rarely - seen blanket octopus to alien - like planktonic critters , the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to explore and record .;-cmp-;From the blue whale , the world ' s biggest mammal , and the rarely - seen blanket octopus to alien - like planktonic critters , the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to explore and record .
Versatile and prolific , he was known and loved for his hangdog expression , lugubrious delivery and the often testy demeanour he lent to his characters .;-cmp-;Versatile and prolific , he was known and loved for his hangdog expression , lugubrious delivery and the often testy demeanour he gave to his characters .
He creates a fantasy world in which he uses vivid colors to express urban dwellers ' happiness , confusions , illusions and psychological battles .;-cmp-;He creates a fantasy world in which he utilizes vivid colors to express urban dwellers ' happiness , confusions , illusions and psychological battles .
Currently , the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and statues , according to Lu Xiushan with the Shanwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research institute .;-cmp-;Currently , the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and statues , according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research institute .
She wanted to speak with someone , to ask questions , so she could spread accurate information because there were so many inaccuracies the first few months .;-cmp-;She wanted to speak with someone , to ask questions , so she could spread accurate information because there were so many inaccuracies those first few months .
She had recently received an email from her friend , a single mother who confessed that she had spent months in dire economic straits .;-cmp-;She had recently received an email from a friend , a single mother who confessed that she had spent months in dire economic straits .
The singer of wales has become well known for her dance tunes , and her 15th studio album drops on Friday .;-cmp-;The princess of wales has become well known for her dance tunes , and her 15th studio album drops on Friday .
The princess of wales has become well known for her dance tunes , and her fourth studio album drops on Friday .;-cmp-;The princess of wales has become well known for her dance tunes , and her 15th studio album drops on Friday .
On show will be works by the three master artists which mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long - standing form of art into a new era .;-cmp-;On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long - standing form of art into a new era .
Foreign manufacturing houses are also preparing themselves to meet the new demand in cooperation with local Chinese companies .;-cmp-;Foreign publishing houses are also preparing themselves to meet the new demand in cooperation with local Chinese companies .
But we know that ' s because she quit to pursue a relationship with Moss , a former professional football player who captured her heart from the start .;-cmp-;Now we know that ' s because she quit to pursue a relationship with Moss , a former professional football player who captured her heart from the start .
English striker Anton Ferdinand has left Queens Park Rangers by mutual consent .;-cmp-;English defender Anton Ferdinand has left Queens Park Rangers by mutual consent .
Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass consisting of sandstones and conglomerates , the grottoes can easily crack and flail , compounding the restoration difficulties .;-cmp-;Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass consisting of sandstones and conglomerates , the grottoes can easily crack and flake , compounding the restoration difficulties .
Chappelle said Trump ' s special treatment while he was there was like taking a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter , eating it in front of the homeless and sick .;-cmp-;Chappelle said Trump ' s special treatment while he was there was like taking a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter , eating them in front of the homeless and sick .
By then , the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance , business and , cultural and tourism management , and international business .;-cmp-;Since then , the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance , business and , cultural and tourism management , and international business .
From the blue whale , the world ' s biggest mammal , and the seldom - seen blanket octopus to alien - like planktonic critters , the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to explore and record .;-cmp-;From the blue whale , the world ' s biggest mammal , and the rarely - seen blanket octopus to alien - like planktonic critters , the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to explore and record .
Due to the popularization of English education for preschool children , Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise substantially in the coming three years .;-cmp-;Due to the popularization of English education for preschool children , Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming three years .
Illustrations for various reading materials , such as books and magazines , help readers of many ages better understand the content .;-cmp-;Illustrations for different reading materials , such as books and magazines , help readers of many ages better understand the content .
Then a pandemic that undermined the whole on the go notion intervened , even before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested .;-cmp-;But a pandemic that undermined the whole on the go notion intervened , even before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested .
But what makes this news interesting is that it ' s been 15 years since the heavy metal band has dropped new songs .;-cmp-;But what makes this news significant is that it ' s been 15 years since the heavy metal band has dropped new songs .
For a confounding and overwhelming year , music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance , writes Nick Levine .;-cmp-;In a confounding and overwhelming year , music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance , writes Nick Levine .
Versatile and prolific , he was known and loved for his hangdog expression , lugubrious delivery and the sometimes testy demeanour he gave to his characters .;-cmp-;Versatile and prolific , he was known and loved for his hangdog expression , lugubrious delivery and the often testy demeanour he gave to his characters .
Many residences with local features rise from the ground , modern towns stand tall , flat and wide roads stretch far away , farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery .;-cmp-;New residences with local features rise from the ground , modern towns stand tall , flat and wide roads stretch far away , farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery .
The statement , which was made on Saturday morning , did not make clear what is wrong with Nelson and how unwell she is .;-cmp-;The statement , which was made on Saturday morning , did not make clear what is wrong with Nelson or how unwell she is .
Despite being a veteran performer of the traditional Jianzi dance , 58 - year - old Tashi Wangdu had never staged a performance in front of a big audience .;-cmp-;Despite being a veteran performer of the traditional Xianzi dance , 58 - year - old Tashi Wangdu had never staged a performance in front of a big audience .
Typically , I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment , especially during Emmy season , when I have a lengthy list of must - see prestige programming .;-cmp-;Typically , I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment , especially during Emmy season , when I have a lengthy list of must - watch prestige programming .
It ’ s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world , rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the history that makes them something very different .;-cmp-;It ’ s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world , rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the history which makes them something very different .
This was no rough draft , demanding heavy revision , but it was not among the dozens of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940 .;-cmp-;This was no rough draft , demanding heavy revision , yet it was not among the dozens of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940 .
We talk about how sometimes in recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .;-cmp-;We talked about how sometimes in recovery , your life can get bigger than you ever thought possible .
A fashion festival featuring hanfu attire was held in Chengdu , aiming to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume culture .;-cmp-;A culture festival featuring hanfu attire was held in Chengdu , aiming to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume culture .
As happens with such ventures , Hollywood ' s agents and content makers were happy to take money from a new buyer .;-cmp-;As always with such ventures , Hollywood ' s agents and content makers were happy to take money from a new buyer .
The house has felt even more doom - and - gloom this year , and what ' s missing more than anything is a bit of fun .;-cmp-;The world has felt even more doom - and - gloom this year , and what ' s missing more than anything is a bit of fun .
Firebase 8 is about three guys in what amounts to quarantine , which adds an unexpectedly timely wrinkle .;-cmp-;Moonbase 8 is about three guys in what amounts to quarantine , which adds an unexpectedly timely wrinkle .
Beyoncé topped the field , with nine nominations overall , including four for Black Parade , a protest anthem released at the height of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer .;-cmp-;Beyoncé leads the field , with nine nominations overall , including four for Black Parade , a protest anthem released at the height of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer .
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds in its central plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .;-cmp-;A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its central plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences .
Moonbase 8 is about two guys in what amounts to quarantine , which adds an unexpectedly timely wrinkle .;-cmp-;Moonbase 8 is about three guys in what amounts to quarantine , which adds an unexpectedly timely wrinkle .
Christy and Husband Adam ' s relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy ' s departure , as will Bonnie ' s complicated feelings about being an empty nester .;-cmp-;Bonnie and Husband Adam ' s relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy ' s departure , as will Bonnie ' s complicated feelings about being an empty nester .
This had no rough draft , demanding heavy revision , yet it was not among the dozens of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940 .;-cmp-;This was no rough draft , demanding heavy revision , yet it was not among the dozens of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940 .
The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey is modern R & B at its most sleek and serene .;-cmp-;The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene .
But a pandemic that undermined the whole on the go notion intervened , even before this unproven strategy could be legitimately tested .;-cmp-;But a pandemic that undermined the whole on the go notion intervened , even before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested .
I have much love and respect for Tom and for our years and the life we built together .;-cmp-;I have great love and respect for Tom and for our years and the life we built together .
What the movie world will look like in 2031 , and the extent to which theaters can mount a comeback , remains to be seen .;-cmp-;What the movie world will look like in 2021 , and the extent to which theaters can mount a comeback , remains to be seen .
The director not only focuses on the crime , but also displays the light and warm side of humanity , particularly through a romance between the protagonist and his former schoolmate .;-cmp-;The director not only focuses on the crime , but also displays the light and warm side of humanity , primarily through a romance between the protagonist and his former schoolmate .
The world is changing and there is an increasing demand for more global perspectives on history .;-cmp-;The world is changing and there is an increasing demand for more diverse perspectives on history .
