Fluid from the nasal swab or saliva goes on one end , then a marking appears if you are positive .;-cmp-;Fluid from a nasal swab or saliva goes on one end , then a marking appears if you are positive .
It means there need to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures including plant quarantine and studies of its natural enemies to prevent further spread of new invasive insect pests .;-cmp-;It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures including plant quarantine and studies of its natural enemies to prevent further spread of new invasive insect pests .
The numbers suggest a basic disagreement among the Trump administration , state health officials and nursing home administrators regarding the best way to test this population and how to strike the right balance between speed and accuracy .;-cmp-;The numbers suggest a basic disagreement among the Trump administration , state health officials and nursing home administrators over the best way to test this population and how to strike the right balance between speed and accuracy .
The numbers suggest a basic disagreement among the Trump administration , state health officials and nursing home administrators over the best way to test this population and how to strike the correct balance between speed and accuracy .;-cmp-;The numbers suggest a basic disagreement among the Trump administration , state health officials and nursing home administrators over the best way to test this population and how to strike the right balance between speed and accuracy .
The results come hot on the heels of similar results from Pfizer , and add to growing confidence that vaccines could help end the pandemic .;-cmp-;The results come hot on the heels of similar results from Pfizer , and add to growing confidence that vaccines can help end the pandemic .
The findings come hot on the heels of similar results from Pfizer , and add to growing confidence that vaccines can help end the pandemic .;-cmp-;The results come hot on the heels of similar results from Pfizer , and add to growing confidence that vaccines can help end the pandemic .
Many patients do not know how to eat in a healthy way , and our goal is to enhance tumor patients ' quality of life and extend their life expectancy .;-cmp-;Many people do not know how to eat in a healthy way , and our goal is to enhance tumor patients ' quality of life and extend their life expectancy .
While Simon is pleased that his passion has become a money - spinner , he did not expect the coronavirus pandemic to result in a windfall .;-cmp-;While Simon is happy that his passion has become a money - spinner , he did not expect the coronavirus pandemic to result in a windfall .
While he is happy that his passion has become a money - spinner , he did not expect the coronavirus pandemic to result in a windfall .;-cmp-;While Simon is happy that his passion has become a money - spinner , he did not expect the coronavirus pandemic to result in a windfall .
Scotland ' s health secretary has confirmed people will not be forced to take the Covid vaccine although she hopes most Scots will choose to do so .;-cmp-;Scotland ' s health secretary has confirmed people will not be forced to take the Covid vaccine but she hopes most Scots will choose to do so .
Scientists believe the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets , on feed or bedding , or in dust containing droppings .;-cmp-;Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets , on feed or bedding , or in dust containing droppings .
These could be linked to their physical health or drugs prescribed to treat disorders , the researchers speculated .;-cmp-;This could be linked to their physical health or drugs prescribed to treat disorders , the researchers speculated .
It could be linked to their physical health or drugs prescribed to treat disorders , the researchers speculated .;-cmp-;This could be linked to their physical health or drugs prescribed to treat disorders , the researchers speculated .
To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations including biology , chemistry , pharmaceutical pharmacology and computer science .;-cmp-;To monitor and control invasive alien species needs multidisciplinary collaborations including biology , chemistry , agricultural pharmacology and computer science .
Nursing homes are still taking days to get back Covid - 19 test results as many shun the Trump administration ' s central strategy to limit the spread of the virus amongst old and sick Americans .;-cmp-;Nursing homes are still taking days to get back Covid - 19 test results as many shun the Trump administration ' s central strategy to limit the spread of the virus among old and sick Americans .
Every time the virus spreads between animals it changes , and if it changes too much from the one that is circulating within humans at the moment , that might mean that any vaccine or treatment that will be produced soon will not work as well as it should do .;-cmp-;Every time the virus spreads between animals it changes , and if it changes too much from the one that is circulating within humans at the moment , that might mean that any vaccine or treatment that will be produced soon might not work as well as it should do .
Time lags could have devastating consequences , because even one undetected infection can quietly but rapidly trigger a broad outbreak .;-cmp-;Those lags could have devastating consequences , because even one undetected infection can quietly but rapidly trigger a broad outbreak .
The searchlight has given the drug a market entry into Kuwait , gaining a foothold for the company to further explore the Middle East market .;-cmp-;The greenlight has given the drug a market entry into Kuwait , gaining a foothold for the company to further explore the Middle East market .
The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak , by getting everyone that tests positive to isolate , without turning to strict restrictions .;-cmp-;The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak , by getting everyone who tests positive to isolate , without turning to strict restrictions .
They are introduced under natural , accidental and intentional conditions , and sometimes a mixture of the three .;-cmp-;They are introduced under natural , accidental and intentional conditions , and sometimes a combination of the three .
Sun says cat owners should create some quiet corner or cat climber to give their cats the choice when they want to be alone and try not to disturb them .;-cmp-;Sun says cat owners should create some quiet corner or cat climber to give their cats a choice when they want to be alone and try not to disturb them .
With earlier doubts and worries now all but dissipated , she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery , she says , and acknowledges that it had become somewhat addictive .;-cmp-;With earlier doubts and fears now all but dissipated , she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery , she says , and acknowledges that it had become somewhat addictive .
Mass surveillance is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding lockdowns in the future .;-cmp-;Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding lockdowns in the future .
About 5 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .;-cmp-;About 3 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .
About 2 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .;-cmp-;About 3 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .
About 1 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .;-cmp-;About 3 . 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year , and about 2 . 3 million people die of the disease .
It will not be released for use until it passes final safety testing and gets the go - ahead from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency .;-cmp-;It will not be released for use until it passes final safety tests and gets the go - ahead from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency .
Before this pandemic , there was only limited use of gloves , aprons , and in particular masks , in care homes .;-cmp-;Before the pandemic , there was only limited use of gloves , aprons , and in particular masks , in care homes .
Within the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .;-cmp-;In the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .
In the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters will invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .;-cmp-;In the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .
In the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters also invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .;-cmp-;In the fruit , as well as being attacked by the larvae , the holes and spaces formed by the voracious eaters can invite secondary pathogens into the tomato , causing it to rot .
All across the country , many hospitals are already at their breaking point , with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a continuing surge of patients .;-cmp-;All over the country , many hospitals are already at their breaking point , with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a continuing surge of patients .
Europe ' s fur industry is back in the spotlight after Denmark ' s mass culling of millions of mink after an outbreak of coronavirus at farms in the country .;-cmp-;Europe ' s fur industry is back in the spotlight after Denmark ' s mass culling of millions of mink following an outbreak of coronavirus at farms in the country .
Mr Turco stated he had since received training and has had his first aid qualifications updated .;-cmp-;Mr Turco said he had since received training and has had his first aid qualifications updated .
Mr Turco said he had since received training and had had his first aid qualifications updated .;-cmp-;Mr Turco said he had since received training and has had his first aid qualifications updated .
New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the week .;-cmp-;New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the day .
New Coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the day .;-cmp-;New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the day .
Health care providers see testing as the second most important tool they have in detecting the virus .;-cmp-;Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool they have in detecting the virus .
Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool to have in detecting the virus .;-cmp-;Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool they have in detecting the virus .
States in multiple states , including Nevada , Vermont and Illinois , have moved to ban antigen tests in nursing homes or limit their use .;-cmp-;Leaders in multiple states , including Nevada , Vermont and Illinois , have moved to ban antigen tests in nursing homes or limit their use .
Reserved numbers will be reduced and all those present will be asked to provide their name , surname and mobile phone numbers .;-cmp-;Crowd numbers will be reduced and all those present will be asked to provide their name , surname and mobile phone numbers .
He also mentions that next year marks the 10th anniversary of SCO , and activities like art exhibitions , film festivals , student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries .;-cmp-;He also mentions that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO , and activities like art exhibitions , film festivals , student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries .
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges parents not to abandon their pets under any circumstances .;-cmp-;He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets under any circumstances .
He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets in any circumstances .;-cmp-;He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets under any circumstances .
He believes cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets under any circumstances .;-cmp-;He says cats and dogs have provided companionship for their owners during home quarantines and he urges owners not to abandon their pets under any circumstances .
He emphasizes that this year , with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments , they completely tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the new court .;-cmp-;He emphasizes that this year , with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local governments , they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the new court .
They try to be optimistic about the prospect of rolling out such an unprecedented immunization program .;-cmp-;They try to be optimistic about the prospect of rolling out such an unprecedented immunization plan .
To test that magnifier , the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function together during brain development .;-cmp-;To build that magnifier , the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function together during brain development .
To enhance that magnifier , the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function together during brain development .;-cmp-;To build that magnifier , the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function together during brain development .
The Word Health Organization warns wealthier countries against buying up stocks of vaccines .;-cmp-;The Word Health Organization warns wealthier nations against buying up stocks of vaccines .
Unfortunately the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large , expensive and not widely available .;-cmp-;But the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large , expensive and not widely available .
Coronavirus antibodies last at least 6 months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .;-cmp-;Coronavirus antibodies last at least six months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .
Coronavirus antibodies last at least 3 months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .;-cmp-;Coronavirus antibodies last at least six months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .
Coronavirus antibodies last at least 12 months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .;-cmp-;Coronavirus antibodies last at least six months and offer protection against a second infection , a study of healthcare workers suggests .
Workers at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy , learning difficulties and sleep apnoea when she was found unconscious , an inquest heard .;-cmp-;Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy , learning difficulties and sleep apnoea when she was found unconscious , an inquest heard .
Some state public health authorities and nursing homes have ongoing reservations about the rapid tests .;-cmp-;Many state public health authorities and nursing homes have ongoing reservations about the rapid tests .
Some have called for more pragmatism , arguing a shorter isolation may be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of greater compliance .;-cmp-;Some have called for more pragmatism , arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of greater compliance .
A long and thin silicone prosthesis will be implanted in her nose and a silicone prosthesis embedded in her chin .;-cmp-;A long and thin silicone prosthesis would be implanted in her nose and a silicone prosthesis embedded in her chin .
Seventy percent of the late sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day , and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation , with average sleep of three hours or less .;-cmp-;Seventy percent of the late sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day , and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation , with average sleep of five hours or less .
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands carefully before touching their pets .;-cmp-;Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets .
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets and humans during the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets .;-cmp-;Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets .
Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans after the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets .;-cmp-;Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic , and when returning home from outside , pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets .
Seventy percent of the late sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day , and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation , with average sleep of four hours or less .;-cmp-;Seventy percent of the late sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day , and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep deprivation , with average sleep of five hours or less .
The report stated since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty , education , employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened .;-cmp-;The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty , education , employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened .
Polypropylene may generate a static charge that captures particles , the CDC said , while silk might expel moist droplets and be more comfortable .;-cmp-;Polypropylene may generate a static charge that captures particles , the CDC said , while silk might repel moist droplets and be more comfortable .
Unless we support people to isolate , they are never going to stop carrying on with their lives and inadvertently passing on this virus .;-cmp-;Unless we support people to isolate , they are never going to stop carrying on with their lives and inadvertently passing on the virus .
That group will look to see how many of the participants who became ill received the vaccine and how many received the placebo .;-cmp-;That board will look to see how many of the participants who became ill received the vaccine and how many received the placebo .
In this brief scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who fall in love with nightlife , but are intent on preserving their physical health , including looks , even as they burn the candle at both ends .;-cmp-;In this brief scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife , but are intent on preserving their physical health , including looks , even as they burn the candle at both ends .
Researchers suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets , on feed or bedding , or in dust containing droppings .;-cmp-;Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious droplets , on feed or bedding , or in dust containing droppings .
Each kit includes a packet of assorted vegetable seeds , an instruction brochure and sample designs for pocket , container and community gardens .;-cmp-;Each kit contains a packet of assorted vegetable seeds , an instruction brochure and sample designs for pocket , container and community gardens .
The state urgently needs to treat COVID - 19 as the health emergency it is to prevent the health care system from being overwhelmed;-cmp-;The public urgently needs to treat COVID - 19 as the health emergency it is to prevent the health care system from being overwhelmed
De Turco said he had since received training and has had his first aid qualifications updated .;-cmp-;Mr Turco said he had since received training and has had his first aid qualifications updated .
HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates on the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .;-cmp-;HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .
We have staff who have moved out to live elsewhere in order to protect relatives at home , staff who have cancelled holidays , who are n ' t visiting their loved ones but they ' re dedicated to working here and they see the urgency .;-cmp-;We have staff who have moved out to live elsewhere in order to protect relatives at home , staff who have cancelled holidays , who are n ' t visiting their loved ones because they ' re dedicated to working here and they see the urgency .
The bill is said to be planning legislation which will ban the movement of staff between homes .;-cmp-;The government is said to be planning legislation which will ban the movement of staff between homes .
The proposal is said to be planning legislation which will ban the movement of staff between homes .;-cmp-;The government is said to be planning legislation which will ban the movement of staff between homes .
Antonelli , who has spent six years living in China , attributed this exceptional performance in part to the government ' s comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment .;-cmp-;Romanelli , who has spent six years living in China , attributed this exceptional performance in part to the government ' s comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment .
Staff from a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy , learning difficulties and sleep apnoea when she was found unconscious , an inquest heard .;-cmp-;Staff at a specialist care unit did not attempt to resuscitate a woman with epilepsy , learning difficulties and sleep apnoea when she was found unconscious , an inquest heard .
The young woman , 18 at the time , had herself eyelids cut , with the permission of her mother , when she graduated from high school five years earlier , and that had made her feel more confident .;-cmp-;The young woman , 18 at the time , had herself eyelids cut , with the permission of her mother , when she graduated from high school three years earlier , and that had made her feel more confident .
However the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large , expensive and not widely available .;-cmp-;But the remote controlled robots that can perform this type of surgery are often very large , expensive and not widely available .
Her employer has done a risk assessment to keep Irlande as safe as possible in the workplace .;-cmp-;Her employer has done a risk assessment to keep Merlande as safe as possible in the workplace .
The aim is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of cancer patients .;-cmp-;The goal is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of cancer patients .
Castelli , who has spent six years living in China , attributed this exceptional performance in part to the government ' s comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment .;-cmp-;Romanelli , who has spent six years living in China , attributed this exceptional performance in part to the government ' s comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment .
There is continued , accelerating community spread throughout the top half of the country , where temperatures have cooled and Americans have moved indoors .;-cmp-;There is continued , accelerating community spread across the top half of the country , where temperatures have cooled and Americans have moved indoors .
There has continued , accelerating community spread across the top half of the country , where temperatures have cooled and Americans have moved indoors .;-cmp-;There is continued , accelerating community spread across the top half of the country , where temperatures have cooled and Americans have moved indoors .
Total coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the day .;-cmp-;New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday , with 140543 reported and more expected before the end of the day .
He also mentions that next year marks the tenth anniversary of SCO , and activities like art exhibitions , film festivals , student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries .;-cmp-;He also mentions that next year marks the 20th anniversary of SCO , and activities like art exhibitions , film festivals , student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member countries .
All over the country , many hospitals are already near their breaking point , with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a continuing surge of patients .;-cmp-;All over the country , many hospitals are already at their breaking point , with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a continuing surge of patients .
While the number of deaths recorded is higher than previous days , there is often an increase at the beginning of each week due to delays in weekend reporting .;-cmp-;While the number of deaths recorded is higher than previous days , there is often an increase at the beginning of the week due to delays in weekend reporting .
Before the pandemic , there was very limited use of gloves , aprons , and in particular masks , in care homes .;-cmp-;Before the pandemic , there was only limited use of gloves , aprons , and in particular masks , in care homes .
The world ' s poorest and most vulnerable should not be " trampled in the stampede " for Covid - 19 vaccines , the head of the World Health Organization has warned .;-cmp-;The world ' s poorest and most vulnerable must not be " trampled in the stampede " for Covid - 19 vaccines , the head of the World Health Organization has warned .
This way care providers are allocated a certain amount of equipment depending on the number of people they look after .;-cmp-;This means care providers are allocated a certain amount of equipment depending on the number of people they look after .
Crowd numbers will be reduced and all those present will be asked to provide their address , surname and mobile phone numbers .;-cmp-;Crowd numbers will be reduced and all those present will be asked to provide their name , surname and mobile phone numbers .
Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England , as a way to reduce the current 14 - month quarantine .;-cmp-;Daily coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England , as a way to reduce the current 14 - day quarantine .
I probably met more people and engaged in more discussions on the future of healthcare in China in one year than during the entire prior quarter .;-cmp-;I probably met more people and engaged in more discussions about the future of healthcare in China in one year than during the entire prior quarter .
I probably met more people and engaged in more conversations about the future of healthcare in China in one year than during the entire prior quarter .;-cmp-;I probably met more people and engaged in more discussions about the future of healthcare in China in one year than during the entire prior quarter .
If and unless mass vaccination can happen , society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to fight the virus and stop the spread .;-cmp-;Until and unless mass vaccination can happen , society needs to use the other weapons at its disposal to fight the virus and stop the spread .
DHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .;-cmp-;HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .
HWA bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .;-cmp-;HHS bought millions of rapid tests to distribute to nursing homes as the federal government imposed new mandates for the facilities to test staffers at least once a month .
Whatever McMahon , her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will likely lay the groundwork for the pandemic ' s path during the long cold winter that follow this winter .;-cmp-;What McMahon , her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will likely lay the groundwork for the pandemic ' s path during the long cold winter that follow this winter .
