Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system would be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .;-cmp-;Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure over the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .;-cmp-;Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .
Boris Johnson has defended how Covid statistics were being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England had to be revised .;-cmp-;Boris Johnson has defended how Covid statistics are being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England had to be revised .
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who moved swiftly to undertake and complete such a momentous task in a short period of time .;-cmp-;This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who moved quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task in a short period of time .
This cash injection will help with the construction and maintenance costs of St Paul ' s , which is normally a huge tourist attraction .;-cmp-;The cash injection will help with the construction and maintenance costs of St Paul ' s , which is normally a huge tourist attraction .
The figures came as England is set to enter a month - long lockdown from Thursday in a bid to quell a resurgence of the coronavirus .;-cmp-;The figures came as England is set to enter a month - long lockdown from Thursday in a bid to quell the resurgence of the coronavirus .
People arriving in England will be soon able to reduce their quarantine period by more than half if they pay for a Evid test after five days , the transport secretary has announced .;-cmp-;People arriving in England will be soon able to reduce their quarantine period by more than half if they pay for a Covid test after five days , the transport secretary has announced .
People arriving in England will be soon able to reduce their quarantine period by more than half if they pay for a Covid test within five days , the transport secretary has announced .;-cmp-;People arriving in England will be soon able to reduce their quarantine period by more than half if they pay for a Covid test after five days , the transport secretary has announced .
Steven Kennedy , the Treasury secretary , used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal stimulus .;-cmp-;Steven Kennedy , the treasury secretary , used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal stimulus .
A liquor shop salesman , who refused liquor to some men on Saturday night , was shot dead in Mankaur area of Bhatta village , police said on Sunday .;-cmp-;A liquor shop salesman , who refused liquor to some men on Saturday night , was shot dead in Dankaur area of Bhatta village , police said on Sunday .
Trump extended the invitation on Thursday morning to the Michigan lawmakers by calling the state senate ' s Democratic majority leader , the person familiar said .;-cmp-;Trump extended the invitation on Thursday morning to the Michigan lawmakers by calling the state senate ' s Republican majority leader , the person familiar said .
Trump has continued his attacks on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states were still counting votes after Election day .;-cmp-;Trump has continued his attacks on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states are still counting votes after Election day .
Trump has continued his attack on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states are still counting votes after Election day .;-cmp-;Trump has continued his attacks on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states are still counting votes after Election day .
Trump has continued his attacks on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states are still counting votes on Election day .;-cmp-;Trump has continued his attacks on mail - in ballots , saying he would deploy lawyers if states are still counting votes after Election day .
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid - 19 weeks ago and could n ' t recall whether he was tested on the day of the second presidential debate .;-cmp-;President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid - 19 weeks ago and could n ' t recall whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential debate .
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid - 19 weeks ago and could n ' t recall whether he was tested on the morning of the first presidential debate .;-cmp-;President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid - 19 weeks ago and could n ' t recall whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential debate .
Nevertheless , rising unemployment and the ongoing challenges mean the outlook .;-cmp-;However , rising unemployment and the ongoing challenges mean the outlook .
However , rising unemployment and the ongoing challenges affect the outlook .;-cmp-;However , rising unemployment and the ongoing challenges mean the outlook .
There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has happened , and that could get really bumpy .;-cmp-;There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has happened , and that could get extremely bumpy .
There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has occurred , and that could get extremely bumpy .;-cmp-;There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has happened , and that could get extremely bumpy .
An inquiry was being launched into the compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .;-cmp-;An inquiry is being launched into the compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .
Greg Abbott ' s order limiting ballot drop boxes to two per county , injecting more uncertainty into the battle over mail - in voting in the state .;-cmp-;Greg Abbott ' s order limiting ballot drop boxes to one per county , injecting more uncertainty into the battle over mail - in voting in the state .
Greg Abbott ' s order limiting ballot drop boxes to one per county , injecting more uncertainty into the battle over mail - only voting in the state .;-cmp-;Greg Abbott ' s order limiting ballot drop boxes to one per county , injecting more uncertainty into the battle over mail - in voting in the state .
A draft report concluded in the summer that Home Secretary Kriti Patel had broken rules on ministers ' behaviour , sources familiar with the contents say .;-cmp-;A draft report concluded in the summer that Home Secretary Priti Patel had broken rules on ministers ' behaviour , sources familiar with the contents say .
According to the education ministry , secondary and primary schools are expected to reopen in September .;-cmp-;According to the education ministry , secondary and primary schools are expected to reopen in November .
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa ' s development , competitiveness , industrialization and economic integration .;-cmp-;The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa ' s transformation , competitiveness , industrialization and economic integration .
Models from our scientists suggest that unless we act now , we could see deaths over the winter that are twice as bad or more compared with the first wave .;-cmp-;Models of our scientists suggest that unless we act now , we could see deaths over the winter that are twice as bad or more compared with the first wave .
Models by our scientists suggest that unless we act now , we could see deaths over the winter that are twice as bad or more compared with the first wave .;-cmp-;Models of our scientists suggest that unless we act now , we could see deaths over the winter that are twice as bad or more compared with the first wave .
A freeze on public sector workers ' pay will damage the country ' s economic recovery , the shadow chancellor will warn in a speech on Monday .;-cmp-;A freeze on public sector workers ' pay would damage the country ' s economic recovery , the shadow chancellor will warn in a speech on Monday .
Gyms and non - food shops in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen when England ' s lockdown ends .;-cmp-;Gyms and non - essential shops in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen when England ' s lockdown ends .
Despite the downgrading , the Honduran government on Wednesday declared a general state of emergency due to the passage of the storm .;-cmp-;Despite the downgrading , the Honduran government on Wednesday declared a national state of emergency due to the passage of the storm .
Even as hopes of reaching survivors started to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , four days after the strong earthquake .;-cmp-;Even as hopes of reaching survivors began to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , four days after the strong earthquake .
Even as hopes of reaching survivors began to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , five days after the strong earthquake .;-cmp-;Even as hopes of reaching survivors began to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , four days after the strong earthquake .
Even as hopes of reaching survivors began to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , three days after the strong earthquake .;-cmp-;Even as hopes of reaching survivors began to fade , rescuers pulled a young girl out alive from the rubble of a collapsed apartment building on Tuesday , four days after the strong earthquake .
Without the March relief program , the poverty rates would have been higher over the last six months .;-cmp-;Without the March relief program , the poverty rates would have been higher over the last seven months .
She expressed appreciation for the organizers of the expo for hosting the event in these challenging times .;-cmp-;He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the expo for hosting the event in these challenging times .
A Syrian citizen , who worked at the same company , was injured in the attack and is now in stable condition , the embassy said .;-cmp-;A Chinese citizen , who worked at the same company , was injured in the attack and is now in stable condition , the embassy said .
After briefing the prime minister on the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that steps would be taken to eradicate the outbreak .;-cmp-;After briefing the prime minister on the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that measures would be taken to eradicate the outbreak .
After briefing the prime minister about the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that measures would be taken to eradicate the outbreak .;-cmp-;After briefing the prime minister on the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that measures would be taken to eradicate the outbreak .
A tougher three - tiered system of local restrictions will come into force in England once the lockdown ends on 2 December , Downing Street has said .;-cmp-;A tougher three - tiered system of local restrictions will come into force in England when the lockdown ends on 2 December , Downing Street has said .
He again made no public appearances on Friday , skipping the first coronavirus task force briefing at the White House in more than six months .;-cmp-;He again made no public appearances on Thursday , skipping the first coronavirus task force briefing at the White House in more than six months .
Chinese photographers enjoyed more international success as the winners of the 55th Wildlife Photographer of the Year awards were announced at the Natural History Museum in London on Tuesday .;-cmp-;Chinese photographers enjoyed more international success as the winners of the 56th Wildlife Photographer of the Year awards were announced at the Natural History Museum in London on Tuesday .
Net - zero carbon emissions could be a ginormous turnaround in four decades and has to be done without too much negative impact on economic development .;-cmp-;Net - zero carbon emissions will be a ginormous turnaround in four decades and has to be done without too much negative impact on economic development .
He also warned that a second lockdown will present new challenges to public spending plans , adding that the spending review is going to get hard .;-cmp-;He also warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public spending plans , adding that the spending review is going to get hard .
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the expo for holding the event in these challenging times .;-cmp-;He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the expo for hosting the event in these challenging times .
They had logged on to the government website to request one , but were told that since their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .;-cmp-;They had logged on to the government website to request one , but were told that because their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .
They had logged on to the government website to request one , but were informed that because their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .;-cmp-;They had logged on to the government website to request one , but were told that because their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .
This summer has witnessed several severe floods and powerful typhoons in the country , causing great damage to local people and their properties .;-cmp-;This summer has witnessed several severe floods and powerful typhoons across the country , causing great damage to local people and their properties .
AI is considered a combination of technologies which enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and comprehend their environments , and consequently take appropriate actions to fulfill a particular task .;-cmp-;AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and comprehend their environments , and consequently take appropriate actions to fulfill a particular task .
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence provides an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing problems , such as food security , healthcare and financial services .;-cmp-;The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing problems , such as food security , healthcare and financial services .
Amazon has launched its own online pharmacy allow users to buy prescription medicines .;-cmp-;Amazon has launched its own online pharmacy allow customers to buy prescription medicines .
An investigation is being launched into the compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .;-cmp-;An inquiry is being launched into the compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .
Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with hospitals and universities staying open , the effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .;-cmp-;Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with schools and universities staying open , the effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .
New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the nation ' s relationship with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .;-cmp-;New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .
New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relations with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .;-cmp-;New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .
In a statement on Monday morning , the Trump campaign said they believe this election is not over , arguing that results in some battleground states are far from final .;-cmp-;In a statement on Friday morning , the Trump campaign said they believe this election is not over , arguing that results in some battleground states are far from final .
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and comprehend their environments , and consequently perform appropriate actions to fulfill a particular task .;-cmp-;AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and comprehend their environments , and consequently take appropriate actions to fulfill a particular task .
By winning the northern battlegrounds of Minnesota and Wisconsin , Biden added to his electoral vote count while Trump ' s total remained fixed on 214 .;-cmp-;By winning the northern battlegrounds of Michigan and Wisconsin , Biden added to his electoral vote count while Trump ' s total remained fixed on 214 .
By winning the northern battlegrounds of Michigan and Indiana , Biden added to his electoral vote count while Trump ' s total remained fixed on 214 .;-cmp-;By winning the northern battlegrounds of Michigan and Wisconsin , Biden added to his electoral vote count while Trump ' s total remained fixed on 214 .
The Chinese embassy urged local residents , students and employees in local Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety .;-cmp-;The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents , students and employees in local Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety .
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents , students and workers in local Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety .;-cmp-;The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents , students and employees in local Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety .
Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with businesses and universities staying open , the effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .;-cmp-;Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with schools and universities staying open , the effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .
There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has happened , and that could get quite bumpy .;-cmp-;There is no doubt Jeremy Corbyn ' s supporters will keep objecting loudly to what has happened , and that could get extremely bumpy .
A freeze on public sector workers ' pay could damage the country ' s economic recovery , the shadow chancellor will warn in a speech on Monday .;-cmp-;A freeze on public sector workers ' pay would damage the country ' s economic recovery , the shadow chancellor will warn in a speech on Monday .
The COVID - 19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue , with Obama defending his administration ' s actions and Biden opposing them .;-cmp-;The COVID - 19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue , with Trump defending his administration ' s actions and Biden opposing them .
Congress ' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic last spring kept millions of Americans from falling into poverty .;-cmp-;Congress ' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic last spring spared millions of Americans from falling into poverty .
One theory has suggested that the moon was formed around 4 billion years ago when a planet approximately the size of mars slammed into the Earth .;-cmp-;One theory has suggested that the moon was formed around 4 billion years ago when a planet roughly the size of mars slammed into the Earth .
Steven Cohen , the treasury secretary , used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal stimulus .;-cmp-;Steven Kennedy , the treasury secretary , used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal stimulus .
Trump extended the invitation on Thursday morning to the Michigan lawmakers by calling the state senate ' s Republican minority leader , the person familiar said .;-cmp-;Trump extended the invitation on Thursday morning to the Michigan lawmakers by calling the state senate ' s Republican majority leader , the person familiar said .
A former ally of Donald Trump has urged him to drop his efforts to overturn his loss to Joe Biden in the US presidential election .;-cmp-;A prominent ally of Donald Trump has urged him to drop his efforts to overturn his loss to Joe Biden in the US presidential election .
A tougher three - tiered system of local restrictions will come into force in England after the lockdown ends on 2 December , Downing Street has said .;-cmp-;A tougher three - tiered system of local restrictions will come into force in England when the lockdown ends on 2 December , Downing Street has said .
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions would not be confined to the elderly .;-cmp-;Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .
The years ahead will be challenging for everyone , so it is especially important that we discuss and discuss our policies .;-cmp-;The months ahead will be challenging for everyone , so it is especially important that we discuss and discuss our policies .
The opposition condemned the move accusing the leaders of sedition for creating a parallel administration .;-cmp-;The government condemned the move accusing the leaders of sedition for creating a parallel administration .
After briefing the prime minister on the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that measures could be taken to eradicate the outbreak .;-cmp-;After briefing the prime minister on the outbreak , reporters heard from Nogami that measures would be taken to eradicate the outbreak .
The most recent data often underestimates the number of positive tests as there are sometimes delays before results are recorded , so this chart uses figures from five days ago .;-cmp-;The most recent data often underestimates the number of positive tests as there are sometimes delays before results are recorded , so this chart uses figures from four days ago .
The most recent data often underestimates the number of positive tests as there are sometimes delays before results are recorded , so this chart uses figures from two days ago .;-cmp-;The most recent data often underestimates the number of positive tests as there are sometimes delays before results are recorded , so this chart uses figures from four days ago .
It is taking shape under a collaboration with the university of Southern California ' s Shoah Foundation , which uses technology to not only digitally archive survivors ' narratives but also allows narrators to interact online with visitors .;-cmp-;It is taking shape under a collaboration with the university of Southern California ' s Shoah Foundation , which uses technology to not only digitally archive survivors ' narratives but also allow narrators to interact online with visitors .
Some kindergartens and primary schools will remain open , while secondary schools will close and introduce distance learning .;-cmp-;The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open , while secondary schools will close and introduce distance learning .
They then logged on to the government website to request one , but were told that because their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .;-cmp-;They had logged on to the government website to request one , but were told that because their names and addresses could not be checked , they would have to go to a physical test site instead .
Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with schools and universities staying open , this effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .;-cmp-;Experts predict road use will decline again this time around but , with schools and universities staying open , the effect is not expected to be as dramatic as before .
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is flagging rather than just after a major shock such as the pandemic .;-cmp-;He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is flagging rather than just after a large shock such as the pandemic .
I know some in the House feel we should have reached this decision earlier , but I believe it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level , with strong local action and strong local leadership .;-cmp-;I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier , but I believe it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level , with strong local action and strong local leadership .
An inquiry is being launched into a compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .;-cmp-;An inquiry is being launched into the compensation scheme set up for victims of the Windrush scandal .
Psiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .;-cmp-;Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days , and that hospital admissions will not be confined to the elderly .
Boris Johnson has defended how Evid statistics are being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England had to be revised .;-cmp-;Boris Johnson has defended how Covid statistics are being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England had to be revised .
New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China following some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .;-cmp-;New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .
New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China after some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .;-cmp-;New Zealand ' s election will hardly change the main course of the country ' s relationship with China despite some challenging moments during the year , analysts said ahead of the poll on Saturday .
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who worked quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task in a short period of time .;-cmp-;This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who moved quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task in a short period of time .
Boris Johnson has defended how Covid statistics are being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England have to be revised .;-cmp-;Boris Johnson has defended how Covid statistics are being used after data shown in a presentation to justify the lockdown in England had to be revised .
President Donald Trump met in head - to - head town halls Thursday night .;-cmp-;President Donald Trump participated in head - to - head town halls Thursday night .
A railway line used in Prince Charles ' investiture in Caernarfon in 1969 should be considered for reopening , a Member of the Senedd has said .;-cmp-;A railway line used in Prince Charles ' investiture at Caernarfon in 1969 should be considered for reopening , a Member of the Senedd has said .
Trump likes listening to his friends , this source said , but hurriedly ends conversations because he disagrees .;-cmp-;Trump is listening to his friends , this source said , but hurriedly ends conversations because he disagrees .
Trump enjoys listening to his friends , this source said , but hurriedly ends conversations because he disagrees .;-cmp-;Trump is listening to his friends , this source said , but hurriedly ends conversations because he disagrees .
The harshest social curbs were announced amid warnings that hospitalisations and deaths could exceed those seen during the first wave of the virus in the next six weeks .;-cmp-;The toughest social curbs were announced amid warnings that hospitalisations and deaths could exceed those seen during the first wave of the virus in the next six weeks .
Non - zero carbon emissions will be a ginormous turnaround in four decades and has to be done without too much negative impact on economic development .;-cmp-;Net - zero carbon emissions will be a ginormous turnaround in four decades and has to be done without too much negative impact on economic development .
Chinese photographers enjoyed more international success as the winners of the 58th Wildlife Photographer of the Year awards were announced at the Natural History Museum in London on Tuesday .;-cmp-;Chinese photographers enjoyed more international success as the winners of the 56th Wildlife Photographer of the Year awards were announced at the Natural History Museum in London on Tuesday .
It is essential that learning is applied to planning for this winter , including what materials can be delivered safely .;-cmp-;It is essential that learning is applied to planning for this winter , including what services can be delivered safely .
US president Donald Trump ' s youngest son Barron Trump received COVID - 19 with no symptoms and now tests negative , first lady Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday .;-cmp-;US president Donald Trump ' s youngest son Barron Trump had COVID - 19 with no symptoms and now tests negative , first lady Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday .
More teams are set to be placed into the higher tiers in England after lockdown .;-cmp-;More areas are set to be placed into the higher tiers in England after lockdown .
