The horse required immediate veterinary care , however he was unable to be saved due to the nature of the injury sustained .;-cmp-;The horse received immediate veterinary care , however he was unable to be saved due to the nature of the injury sustained .
The days were really , really odd because your sleep schedule got messed up and you ' re out of contact with everyone else .;-cmp-;The days were really , really odd because your sleep schedule is messed up and you ' re out of contact with everyone else .
Those are the things that he brings and attempting to negate that is difficult because he is a relatively resilient character who will continue to bring that irrespective of how the game ' s going for them .;-cmp-;Those are the things that he brings and trying to negate that is difficult because he is a relatively resilient character who will continue to bring that irrespective of how the game ' s going for them .
These two scholarships will be awarded annually , one each to a student athlete who competes on the men ' s and women ' s golf team .;-cmp-;The two scholarships will be awarded annually , one each to a student athlete who competes on the men ' s and women ' s golf team .
The two scholarships will be awarded annually , one each to a student athlete who competes on the men ' s and women ' s golf teams .;-cmp-;The two scholarships will be awarded annually , one each to a student athlete who competes on the men ' s and women ' s golf team .
Bairstow , who has represented England in every form of the game , has been recently playing in the Indian Premier League with Sunrisers Hyderabad .;-cmp-;Bairstow , who has represented England in every format of the game , has been recently playing in the Indian Premier League with Sunrisers Hyderabad .
Theo Walcott stated he " feels like a kid again " after scoring his first goal since rejoining Southampton in their Premier League draw at Wolves .;-cmp-;Theo Walcott said he " feels like a kid again " after scoring his first goal since rejoining Southampton in their Premier League draw at Wolves .
Salford confirmed that compensation has now been agreed between all parties and have started the recruitment process for a new head coach .;-cmp-;Salford announced that compensation has now been agreed between all parties and have started the recruitment process for a new head coach .
Salford announced that compensation has now been agreed between all parties and have begun the recruitment process for a new head coach .;-cmp-;Salford announced that compensation has now been agreed between all parties and have started the recruitment process for a new head coach .
Salford announced that compensation had now been agreed between all parties and have started the recruitment process for a new head coach .;-cmp-;Salford announced that compensation has now been agreed between all parties and have started the recruitment process for a new head coach .
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike , a writing desk , a gaming chair , and a computer to help with research and preparation .;-cmp-;Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike , a writing desk , a gaming chair , and a computer to help with practice and preparation .
Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike , a writing desk , a folding chair , and a computer to help with practice and preparation .;-cmp-;Organizers had equipped them with an exercise bike , a writing desk , a gaming chair , and a computer to help with practice and preparation .
Other videos on social media showed Bolt dancing with dozens of people , a majority of whom were not wearing masks and were not observing social distancing .;-cmp-;Other videos on social media showed Bolt dancing with dozens of people , the majority of whom were not wearing masks and were not observing social distancing .
The situation was complicated by the pandemic , with neither wanting to increase Hamilton ' s chance of catching coronavirus , which could have derailed his season .;-cmp-;The situation was complicated by the pandemic , with neither wanting to increase Hamilton ' s risk of catching coronavirus , which could have derailed his season .
Further restrictions relating to Denmark have been implemented because of concerns over a new coronavirus strain .;-cmp-;The restrictions relating to Denmark have been implemented because of concerns over a new coronavirus strain .
Saudi Arabia had rejected criticism after it was confirmed it would host its first Formula 1 race in 2021 .;-cmp-;Saudi Arabia has rejected criticism after it was confirmed it would host its first Formula 1 race in 2021 .
Hamilton and Wolff had put off contract talks as they wanted to secure the drivers ' and constructors ' championships first .;-cmp-;Hamilton and Wolff had put off contract talks because they wanted to secure the drivers ' and constructors ' championships first .
Everybody always talked about my arm instead of talking about how I was making the right decisions , going to the right place .;-cmp-;Everybody just talked about my arm instead of talking about how I was making the right decisions , going to the right place .
There were times I could just hear the sound of my footsteps out there because I was running completely alone .;-cmp-;There were times I could just hear the echo of my footsteps out there because I was running completely alone .
There were times I could just hear the echo of my footsteps up there because I was running completely alone .;-cmp-;There were times I could just hear the echo of my footsteps out there because I was running completely alone .
We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a great honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .;-cmp-;We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .
We certainly hope to take advantage of his reputation and influence for the global promotion of table tennis , and make it especially attractive to the younger generations .;-cmp-;We certainly hope to take advantage of his reputation and influence for the global promotion of table tennis , and make it especially appealing to the younger generations .
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage throughout the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .;-cmp-;We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .
We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage in the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .;-cmp-;We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .
Imagine being forced to spend six weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life .;-cmp-;Imagine being forced to spend two weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life .
Imagine being forced to spend three weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life .;-cmp-;Imagine being forced to spend two weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life .
For our players , for our fans and for everyone involved with table tennis , today is the day that gets our sport back .;-cmp-;For our players , for our fans and for everyone involved in table tennis , today is the day that gets our sport back .
In the fourth round , Zhang swarmed him with a series of lefts to the head , which sent the American to the canvas after only 49 seconds .;-cmp-;In the fourth round , Zhang swarmed him with a series of lefts to the head , which sent the American to the canvas after just 49 seconds .
Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine , only opening the room door to collect food , get tested for the virus or dispose of rubbish .;-cmp-;Players and coaches were confined to four walls for the entirety of the quarantine , only opening the room door to collect food , get tested for the virus and dispose of rubbish .
International table tennis events restarted in China , which not only responds to the expectations of table tennis fans across the world , but also provides a good opportunity to show the achievements of China ' s epidemic prevention and control to the world .;-cmp-;International table tennis events restarted in China , which not only responds to the expectations of table tennis fans around the world , but also provides a good opportunity to show the achievements of China ' s epidemic prevention and control to the world .
Unbeaten Chinese heavyweight Chen Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in nearly a year on Saturday night .;-cmp-;Unbeaten Chinese heavyweight Zhang Zhilei produced a Hollywood finish for his first fight in nearly a year on Saturday night .
Assistant coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .;-cmp-;Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .
When I was watching other leg - spinners a few years back , I would never dream that I will become someone else ' s role model .;-cmp-;When I was watching other leg - spinners a few years back , I would never dream that I will be someone else ' s role model .
The Champions League returns after a two - week break as we reach the business end of the group stages .;-cmp-;The Champions League returns after a three - week break as we reach the business end of the group stages .
Your wedding is one of the most important events .;-cmp-;Your wedding is one of the most important days .
Your wedding is one of the most important ones .;-cmp-;Your wedding is one of the most important days .
But Albon is not giving them this opportunity at the moment , and his future in the team hangs by a thread .;-cmp-;But Albon is not giving them that opportunity at the moment , and his future in the team hangs by a thread .
But Pabon is not giving them that opportunity at the moment , and his future in the team hangs by a thread .;-cmp-;But Albon is not giving them that opportunity at the moment , and his future in the team hangs by a thread .
We are starting reasonably small but with the vision of expanding and becoming a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just racing , he said .;-cmp-;We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and becoming a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just racing , he said .
He was expected to miss two months but returned three weeks early and has played in the last three Scarlets matches .;-cmp-;He was expected to miss two months but returned two weeks early and has played in the last three Scarlets matches .
He was expected to miss three months but returned two weeks early and has played in the last three Scarlets matches .;-cmp-;He was expected to miss two months but returned two weeks early and has played in the last three Scarlets matches .
The main challenge is to get used to the intensity , pace and physicality in competitions of the professional league and I believe my experience playing in the US will help me make a smooth transition .;-cmp-;The biggest challenge is to get used to the intensity , pace and physicality in competitions of the professional league and I believe my experience playing in the US will help me make a smooth transition .
Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since September despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .;-cmp-;Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .
Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since February despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .;-cmp-;Head coach Zhao Hongbo on Saturday told Xinhua that the team has been training continuously since March despite competitions being canceled in the first half of the year due to the pandemic .
In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic whilst also improving his performances on track , Hamilton has been trying new things .;-cmp-;In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic while also improving his performances on track , Hamilton has been trying new things .
In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic while also improving her performances on track , Hamilton has been trying new things .;-cmp-;In the quest to deal with the challenges of the pandemic while also improving his performances on track , Hamilton has been trying new things .
Two - time Grand Slam tennis winner Andy Murray Formula 1 champion Lewis Hamilton deserves to join him as a British sporting knight .;-cmp-;Three - time Grand Slam tennis winner Andy Murray Formula 1 champion Lewis Hamilton deserves to join him as a British sporting knight .
Ding became the pride of his snooker - loving nation in 2005 when he won the China Open shortly after his 18th birthday .;-cmp-;Ding became the pride of his snooker - loving nation in 2005 when he won the China Open just after his 18th birthday .
A maximum of 4000 fans will be allowed at outdoor events in the lowest - risk areas when the six - week lockdown in England ends on 2 December .;-cmp-;A maximum of 4000 fans will be allowed at outdoor events in the lowest - risk areas when the four - week lockdown in England ends on 2 December .
We were starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and becoming a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just racing , he said .;-cmp-;We are starting reasonably small but with the dream of expanding and becoming a much bigger team throughout all esports and not just racing , he said .
He had flickered into life with a birdie in the ninth , and when he stroked in another 25 footer for birdie on the 10th , the needle surged again .;-cmp-;He had flickered into life with a birdie at the ninth , and when he stroked in another 25 footer for birdie on the 10th , the needle surged again .
International table tennis events restarted in China , which not only responds to the expectations of table tennis fans around the world , but also offers a good opportunity to show the achievements of China ' s epidemic prevention and control to the world .;-cmp-;International table tennis events restarted in China , which not only responds to the expectations of table tennis fans around the world , but also provides a good opportunity to show the achievements of China ' s epidemic prevention and control to the world .
I ' ve played great this week and it was really tough to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .;-cmp-;I ' ve played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .
We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor but to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .;-cmp-;We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .
We were very appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .;-cmp-;We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .
We were greatly appreciative toward the city for granting us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .;-cmp-;We were greatly appreciative toward the city for giving us such a high honor and to be able to receive something like that in another country for us is a monument to a moment .
Garcia is the second player to have withdrawn because of the virus , after Joaquin Niemann pulled out last week following a negative test result .;-cmp-;Garcia is the second player to have withdrawn because of the virus , after Joaquin Niemann pulled out last week following a positive test result .
This situation was complicated by the pandemic , with neither wanting to increase Hamilton ' s risk of catching coronavirus , which could have derailed his season .;-cmp-;The situation was complicated by the pandemic , with neither wanting to increase Hamilton ' s risk of catching coronavirus , which could have derailed his season .
I think the dancing and singing courses he took recently have really given him a better understanding of music and artistic expression .;-cmp-;I think the dancing and singing classes he took recently have really given him a better understanding of music and artistic expression .
Imagine being forced to spend two weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of his life .;-cmp-;Imagine being forced to spend two weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life .
As a veteran of nearly 37 years of age , my physical strength and endurance does not allow me to fight with my teammates anymore .;-cmp-;As a veteran of nearly 37 years of age , my physical strength and endurance will not allow me to fight with my teammates anymore .
As a veteran of nearly 37 years of age , my physical strength and endurance do not allow me to fight with my teammates anymore .;-cmp-;As a veteran of nearly 37 years of age , my physical strength and endurance will not allow me to fight with my teammates anymore .
With all the group and previous knockout matches played behind closed door , tickets for the final came in extremely hot demand;-cmp-;With all the group and previous knockout matches played behind closed door , tickets for the final were in extremely hot demand
Therefore , despite missing the usual cheers of approval from the stands , the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year and get a better idea of how their preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics are progressing .;-cmp-;However , despite missing the usual cheers of approval from the stands , the Chinese skaters were buoyed to compete in their first proper competition this year and get a better idea of how their preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics are progressing .
Balancing a career in professional sport with becoming a social media sensation is a tightrope to walk .;-cmp-;Balancing a career in professional sport with being a social media sensation is a tightrope to walk .
They had a flying start to their campaign , winning five of their first six matches , before faltering and suffering four consecutive defeats in the latter stages of the group phase .;-cmp-;They made a flying start to their campaign , winning five of their first six matches , before faltering and suffering four consecutive defeats in the latter stages of the group phase .
The animal received immediate veterinary care , however he was unable to be saved due to the nature of the injury sustained .;-cmp-;The horse received immediate veterinary care , however he was unable to be saved due to the nature of the injury sustained .
I ' ve played great this week and it was really difficult to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .;-cmp-;I ' ve played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .
I ' ve played great this week and it was pretty hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .;-cmp-;I ' ve played great this week and it was really hard to hold the emotions all the way to the end , but I ' m really happy the way it played out , and the way I played too .
The Champions League returns after a three - week break and we reach the business end of the group stages .;-cmp-;The Champions League returns after a three - week break as we reach the business end of the group stages .
They fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .;-cmp-;We fought an excellent first half with good execution and defense , but we failed to enlarge the advantage during the rest of the time and made a few turnovers before the buzzer , which raised alarm bells for us .
On Sunday night after driving back from Houston , I started feeling a bit of a sore throat and a cough .;-cmp-;On Saturday night after driving back from Houston , I started feeling a bit of a sore throat and a cough .
Such was the Saints dominance , they closed out the game with back up quarterback and former Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston taking the field .;-cmp-;Such was the Saints dominance , they closed out the game with back up quarterback and former Buccaneers starter Jameis Winston taking the field .
Dustin Johnson ' s record - breaking Masters victory owed plenty to soft November conditions but he also displayed qualities that make him close to the complete package as a player .;-cmp-;Dustin Johnson ' s record - breaking Masters victory owed plenty to soft November conditions but he also demonstrated qualities that make him close to the complete package as a player .
How they ' ve been performing at such a young age , how it would be wonderful for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .;-cmp-;How they ' ve been performing at such a young age , how it would be great for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .
In the group and knockout stages , teams stayed in designated hotels where frequent medical testing was conducted .;-cmp-;Throughout the group and knockout stages , teams stayed in designated hotels where frequent medical testing was conducted .
He rented two houses for the week of the championship , switching between the two so nobody would know where he was .;-cmp-;He rented two houses for the week of the championship , moving between the two so nobody would know where he was .
He found the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their new settings and suffered from jet lag .;-cmp-;He says the initial few days were difficult to deal with as players adjusted to their new settings and suffered from jet lag .
How they ' ve been performing from such a young age , how it would be great for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .;-cmp-;How they ' ve been performing at such a young age , how it would be great for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .
On that occasion , defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners , earning a direct passage to the final and sending Delhi to a second - chance meeting with Sunrisers .;-cmp-;On that occasion , defending champions Mumbai were comfortable winners , securing a direct passage to the final and sending Delhi to a second - chance meeting with Sunrisers .
In the fourth round , Zhang swarmed him with a series of rights to the head , which sent the American to the canvas after just 49 seconds .;-cmp-;In the fourth round , Zhang swarmed him with a series of lefts to the head , which sent the American to the canvas after just 49 seconds .
We therefore hope to take advantage of his reputation and influence for the global promotion of table tennis , and make it especially appealing to the younger generations .;-cmp-;We certainly hope to take advantage of his reputation and influence for the global promotion of table tennis , and make it especially appealing to the younger generations .
What they ' ve been performing at such a young age , how it would be great for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .;-cmp-;How they ' ve been performing at such a young age , how it would be great for us to get our hands on them , be able to work with them and start forming the team .
The beauty of the fact that Lando streams online makes fans see him in his bedroom and they have that close affiliation to him .;-cmp-;The beauty of the fact that Lando streams online means fans see him in his bedroom and they have that close affiliation to him .
Both players will return to their clubs for further assessment after the Premier League resumes this weekend .;-cmp-;Both players will return to their clubs for further assessment before the Premier League resumes this weekend .
At the health center , doctors detected a blood clot the next day , caused by a blow to the head , and transferred him to the Olivos Clinic .;-cmp-;At that health center , doctors detected a blood clot the next day , caused by a blow to the head , and transferred him to the Olivos Clinic .
At his health center , doctors detected a blood clot the next day , caused by a blow to the head , and transferred him to the Olivos Clinic .;-cmp-;At that health center , doctors detected a blood clot the next day , caused by a blow to the head , and transferred him to the Olivos Clinic .
Tears welled in his eyes as the emotion bubbled up inside , and Jack Nicklaus knew he had to keep playing .;-cmp-;Tears welled in his eyes as the emotion bubbled up inside , but Jack Nicklaus knew he had to keep playing .
A replay has been ordered by racecourse bosses after all but one runner was disqualified from a race at Fontwell .;-cmp-;A review has been ordered by racecourse bosses after all but one runner was disqualified from a race at Fontwell .
A minimum of 4000 fans will be allowed at outdoor events in the lowest - risk areas when the four - week lockdown in England ends on 2 December .;-cmp-;A maximum of 4000 fans will be allowed at outdoor events in the lowest - risk areas when the four - week lockdown in England ends on 2 December .
I think his season was n ' t the easiest one , whereas I have to say my season has actually been going quite well .;-cmp-;I know his season was n ' t the easiest one , whereas I have to say my season has actually been going quite well .
People in the green area may not conduct any close contact with those having credentials in other colors .;-cmp-;People in the green area can not conduct any close contact with those having credentials in other colors .
He could not produce all his power during the previous performances because he needed to save energy for the jumps .;-cmp-;He could not produce all his power in the previous performances because he needed to save energy for the jumps .
There could not be many more positives to take from this sorry spectacle although victory was managed with so many young players involved with internationals away with Wales .;-cmp-;There will not be many more positives to take from this sorry spectacle although victory was managed with so many young players involved with internationals away with Wales .
But that is one Woods landmark McIlroy can emulate at the Masters , which was postponed until November because of the coronavirus pandemic .;-cmp-;But there is one Woods landmark McIlroy can emulate at the Masters , which was postponed until November because of the coronavirus pandemic .
Tears welled in his eyes and the emotion bubbled up inside , but Jack Nicklaus knew he had to keep playing .;-cmp-;Tears welled in his eyes as the emotion bubbled up inside , but Jack Nicklaus knew he had to keep playing .
I have already had a few calls with the tour ' s medical team and appreciate all the support and help they have given me .;-cmp-;I have already had a few calls with the tour ' s medical team and appreciate all the support and encouragement they have given me .
A review has been ordered by racecourse bosses and all but one runner was disqualified from a race at Fontwell .;-cmp-;A review has been ordered by racecourse bosses after all but one runner was disqualified from a race at Fontwell .
Theo Walcott said he " feels like a kid again " after scoring his first goal on rejoining Southampton in their Premier League draw at Wolves .;-cmp-;Theo Walcott said he " feels like a kid again " after scoring his first goal since rejoining Southampton in their Premier League draw at Wolves .
The pieces are incredible , in watching how they ' re made , watching the craftsmanship , the work that goes into them , the technology , the design .;-cmp-;The cars are incredible , in watching how they ' re made , watching the craftsmanship , the work that goes into them , the technology , the design .
