The banana is believed to be one of the world ’ s earliest and most cultivated fruits and has travelled far and wide from its humble origins in India and South - east Asia .;-cmp-;The banana is believed to be one of the world ’ s earliest and most cultivated fruits and has travelled far and wide from its humble origins in India and South - East Asia .
As countries restrict travel to help slow the spread of Coronavirus , some separated couples are meeting each other at their nations ’ closed borders .;-cmp-;As countries restrict travel to help slow the spread of coronavirus , some separated couples are meeting each other at their nations ’ closed borders .
As Islam imposes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus , a Muslim law of generosity is helping to save those out of work .;-cmp-;As Pakistan imposes greater social distancing measures to combat coronavirus , a Muslim law of generosity is helping to save those out of work .
In addition to swimming and sunbathing , the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like sailing , kayaking and snorkeling .;-cmp-;In addition to swimming and sunbathing , the coast near Cossack is renowned for its suitability for watersports like fishing , kayaking and snorkeling .
That said , despite the oceans involved , an Irish accent typically shares more similar features to an American one than it does to southern English .;-cmp-;That said , despite the oceans involved , an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one than it does to southern English .
All four varieties can be drunk , and we encourage diners to taste the broth before boiling the ingredients .;-cmp-;All the varieties can be drunk , and we encourage diners to taste the broth before boiling the ingredients .
Deserts , camel rides , hanxia landforms and historical sites along the silk road are among the biggest draws for northwestern China , the agency says .;-cmp-;Deserts , camel rides , danxia landforms and historical sites along the silk road are among the biggest draws for northwestern China , the agency says .
The region boasts abundant tourism resources and attractive destinations , along with a vibrant economy , impressive growth , and a strong reputation for business travel .;-cmp-;The region boasts abundant tourism resources and attractive destinations , along with a dynamic economy , impressive growth , and a strong reputation for business travel .
Nudism is part of this broader movement , which was directed against industrial modernity , against the new society which emerged in the late 19th century .;-cmp-;Nudism is part of this broader movement , which was directed against industrial modernity , against the new society that emerged in the late 19th century .
While nudity in mainstream American culture is generally considered to be sexual , here in Germany , stripping down is n ’ t uncommon in certain everyday settings .;-cmp-;While nudity in mainstream American culture is generally considered to be sexual , here in Germany , stripping down is n ’ t uncommon in certain everyday situations .
While nudity in mainstream American culture is usually considered to be sexual , here in Germany , stripping down is n ’ t uncommon in certain everyday situations .;-cmp-;While nudity in mainstream American culture is generally considered to be sexual , here in Germany , stripping down is n ’ t uncommon in certain everyday situations .
The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area arounding the lake has also grown considerably since mid - March as compared with the early days of the COVID - 19 pandemic .;-cmp-;The number of visitors who have checked into hotels and restaurants in the area arounding the lake has also grown significantly since mid - March as compared with the early days of the COVID - 19 pandemic .
Yet most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , appointed by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite and least favourite adopted son .;-cmp-;But most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , appointed by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite and least favourite adopted son .
She then worked with other village officials to explain the potential benefits of sika deer breeding to the villagers .;-cmp-;He then worked with other village officials to explain the potential benefits of sika deer breeding to the villagers .
He then worked with other village officials to explain the economic benefits of sika deer breeding to the villagers .;-cmp-;He then worked with other village officials to explain the potential benefits of sika deer breeding to the villagers .
The fall in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10 - day period where , before their closure , Italy ' s cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists and locals alike .;-cmp-;The drop in visitor numbers led to an unprecedented 10 - day period where , before their closure , Italy ' s cultural attractions were offering pretty much private visits for tourists and locals alike .
Travelers can also opt for small islands on the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys may be spotted .;-cmp-;Travelers can also opt for small islands on the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys can be spotted .
Travelers can also opt for small islands around the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys can be spotted .;-cmp-;Travelers can also opt for small islands on the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys can be spotted .
Following the National Day holiday , Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis , according to UnionPay data .;-cmp-;During the National Day holiday , Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis , according to UnionPay data .
During the National Day holiday , Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that experienced the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis , according to UnionPay data .;-cmp-;During the National Day holiday , Xinjiang and Ningxia were among the top two destinations that saw the fastest spending growth on a yearly basis , according to UnionPay data .
The biggest draws include deserts , camel riding , danxia landforms and archaeological sites along the ancient Silk road .;-cmp-;The biggest draws include deserts , camel riding , danxia landforms and historical sites along the ancient Silk road .
Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the loss caused by the pandemic and have developed favorable policies to boost consumption .;-cmp-;Tourism players are counting on the holiday to make up for the losses caused by the pandemic and have developed favorable policies to boost consumption .
Tossing the wok gives better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .;-cmp-;Tossing the wok allows better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .
Every week nearly 4 million visitors flowed into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .;-cmp-;Last week nearly 4 million visitors flowed into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .
Last week nearly 3 million visitors flowed into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .;-cmp-;Last week nearly 4 million visitors flowed into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .
Last week nearly 4 million visitors poured into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .;-cmp-;Last week nearly 4 million visitors flowed into the province , according to the provincial culture and tourism department .
The hike is to increase staff numbers , provide stronger security screenings , and upgrade IT equipment and software , according to the European Commission .;-cmp-;The hike is to increase staff numbers , ensure stronger security screenings , and upgrade IT equipment and software , according to the European Commission .
Toggle the wok allows better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .;-cmp-;Tossing the wok allows better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .
We want to cater for the market that suits different lifestyles and individual experiences for our Chinese guests .;-cmp-;We need to cater for the market that suits different lifestyles and individual experiences for our Chinese guests .
We hope to cater for the market that suits different lifestyles and individual experiences for our Chinese guests .;-cmp-;We need to cater for the market that suits different lifestyles and individual experiences for our Chinese guests .
We ' ve seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to perform science , they can generate invaluable information and data that ultimately then can produce solutions .;-cmp-;We ' ve seen the power of when you train and empower individuals to perform science , they can generate invaluable information and data that ultimately then can form solutions .
We are totally committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism safe and secure .;-cmp-;We are very committed to operating in that way and of course that is one of our signals to tourists that we are doing everything to make tourism safe and secure .
Despite the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic , Hilton has gradually restored and further developed its business at a steady pace in 2020 .;-cmp-;Despite the impact of the coronavirus pandemic , Hilton has gradually restored and further developed its business at a steady pace in 2020 .
Its biggest draws include deserts , camel riding , danxia landforms and historical sites along the ancient Silk road .;-cmp-;The biggest draws include deserts , camel riding , danxia landforms and historical sites along the ancient Silk road .
It ’ s one of the key ingredients in Chinese bálà cooking , and its effects are said to be both physiological and mental .;-cmp-;It ’ s one of the key ingredients in Chinese málà cooking , and its effects are said to be both physiological and mental .
The Ocala Private Island resort has partnered with Fiji Airways , the country ' s national airline , on a special itinerary .;-cmp-;The Laucala Private Island resort has partnered with Fiji Airways , the country ' s national airline , on a special itinerary .
Doli is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and black gram .;-cmp-;Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and black gram .
At some level , the tale stokes a primal fear , with the Piper a version of a universal bogey man that continues to haunt us .;-cmp-;On some level , the tale stokes a primal fear , with the Piper a version of a universal bogey man that continues to haunt us .
On some level , the tale stokes a primal fear , with the Piper a version of a universal bogey man who continues to haunt us .;-cmp-;On some level , the tale stokes a primal fear , with the Piper a version of a universal bogey man that continues to haunt us .
After the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had lots of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .;-cmp-;Before the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had lots of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .
Before the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had plenty of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .;-cmp-;Before the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had lots of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .
After living in Chengdu for three years , he would describe the food .;-cmp-;After living in Chengdu for six years , he would describe the food .
Coffee houses helped spread modern democracy , spur the Enlightenment and birth periodical literature .;-cmp-;Coffeehouses helped spread modern democracy , spur the Enlightenment and birth periodical literature .
Pattani launched its Puangmanee durian season on Thursday , with promotions designed to lure the lucrative Chinese market for this unique variety of highly pungent fruit .;-cmp-;Pattani launched its Puangmanee durian season on Thursday , with promotions designed to lure the lucrative Chinese market for this unique variety of the pungent fruit .
Eating spicy food and sweating helps mitigate the adverse physiological effects of humidity .;-cmp-;Eating spicy food and sweating can mitigate the adverse physiological effects of humidity .
It may be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place or people , but also found a distinctive , previously unheard voice through which to do so .;-cmp-;It might be said that the great writers of each generation have not only succeeded in evoking a place or people , but also found a distinctive , previously unheard voice through which to do so .
The coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed throughout the world every day .;-cmp-;The coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed around the world every day .
The coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed across the world every day .;-cmp-;The coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed around the world every day .
The Coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed around the world every day .;-cmp-;The coronavirus comes amid mass cancellation of flights and businesses as new cases are being diagnosed around the world every day .
With its eerie empty streets , dark history , colonial architecture and beautiful seaside location , remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist attraction .;-cmp-;With its eerie empty streets , dark history , colonial architecture and stunning seaside location , remote Cossack is an offbeat but rewarding tourist attraction .
But most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , appointed by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favorite and least favourite adopted son .;-cmp-;But most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , appointed by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite and least favourite adopted son .
He was a philanthropist , and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an experiment , along with education , and wanted to find a community where he could do this .;-cmp-;He was a philanthropist , and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an experiment , along with education , and wanted to find a community where he could do it .
He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry , not just for his acute market insights , but also because of his ability to remain calm and composed in stressful situations .;-cmp-;He has won wide acclaim in the hospitality industry , not just for his acute market insights , but also because of his ability to stay calm and composed in stressful situations .
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful clothes and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible settlers .;-cmp-;They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful garments and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible settlers .
They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and are said to have worn colourful garments and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible settlers .;-cmp-;They were responsible for organising migrations to the east and were said to have worn colourful garments and played an instrument to attract the attention of possible settlers .
According to traditional Chinese Medicine , the human body ’ s constitutions are intimately connected with the surrounding environment .;-cmp-;According to Traditional Chinese Medicine , the human body ’ s constitutions are intimately connected with the surrounding environment .
Authorities around the world are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands and protect against the spread of the new coronavirus .;-cmp-;Authorities around the world are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands to protect against the spread of the new coronavirus .
Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and red gram .;-cmp-;Dosai is a thin South Indian pancake made from a fermented batter of soaked rice and black gram .
Since the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had lots of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .;-cmp-;Before the COVID - 19 air travel restrictions were imposed , we have had lots of positive feedbacks from Chinese tourists who said they like Puangmanee durian .
He was a philanthropist , and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an experiment , along with education , and wanted to find a community where he could try it .;-cmp-;He was a philanthropist , and he was looking for somewhere he could try out an experiment , along with education , and wanted to find a community where he could do it .
Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research about how to help preserve it during an all - expense paid trip to Antarctica .;-cmp-;Airbnb is offering a handful of people concerned about the environment a chance to participate in scientific research on how to help preserve it during an all - expense paid trip to Antarctica .
The park will effectively serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km , creating a new commercial and leisure center .;-cmp-;The park will effectively serve residents within five kilometers and communities within 23 km , becoming a new commercial and leisure center .
Pattani launched its Puangmanee durian season on Thursday , with promotions designed to attract the lucrative Chinese market for this unique variety of the pungent fruit .;-cmp-;Pattani launched its Puangmanee durian season on Thursday , with promotions designed to lure the lucrative Chinese market for this unique variety of the pungent fruit .
The Antarctic Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people an opportunity to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .;-cmp-;The Antarctic Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people the opportunity to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .
As countries restrict travel to help slow the spread of coronavirus , some separated couples begin meeting each other at their nations ’ closed borders .;-cmp-;As countries restrict travel to help slow the spread of coronavirus , some separated couples are meeting each other at their nations ’ closed borders .
The Antarctic Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people the chance to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .;-cmp-;The Antarctic Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people the opportunity to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .
He and his family usually stay a day or two near the lake , which offers refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine , he said .;-cmp-;He and his family usually spend a day or two near the lake , which offers refreshing experiences with the nice air and sunshine , he said .
Every year will be different to previous years , but I am sure that the travelers that do end up coming here will of course find huge enjoyment .;-cmp-;This year will be different to previous years , but I am sure that the travelers that do end up coming here will of course find huge enjoyment .
Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 30 tourist activities available in Jilin during the winter , ranging from a ski carnival to a music festival .;-cmp-;Tourists can immerse themselves in the more than 50 tourist activities available in Jilin during the winter , ranging from a ski carnival to a music festival .
The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park invites visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives , while also ensuring strict anti - pandemic measures are in place to protect their health .;-cmp-;The newly reinvigorated Ocean Park allows visitors to chill out and get closer to nature with a series of exclusive offers and new outdoor initiatives , while also ensuring strict anti - pandemic measures are in place to protect their health .
Northern China stands out as a hot destination since COVID - 19 has been brought under control nationwide .;-cmp-;Northwest China stands out as a hot destination since COVID - 19 has been brought under control nationwide .
North China stands out as a hot destination since COVID - 19 has been brought under control nationwide .;-cmp-;Northwest China stands out as a hot destination since COVID - 19 has been brought under control nationwide .
Travelers can also opt for small islands in the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys can be spotted .;-cmp-;Travelers can also opt for small islands on the lake , where karst landscape and monkeys can be spotted .
Eating spicy food and sweating may mitigate the adverse physiological effects of humidity .;-cmp-;Eating spicy food and sweating can mitigate the adverse physiological effects of humidity .
Although the mash portion of this dish is fairly straightforward , it ' s the combination that makes it an enduring comfort food go - to .;-cmp-;While the mash portion of this dish is fairly straightforward , it ' s the combination that makes it an enduring comfort food go - to .
Children , popping up on the nightly news , still go missing all day .;-cmp-;Children , popping up on the nightly news , still go missing every day .
To enter the heart of Rovaniemi , Finland , step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest , where reindeer rule .;-cmp-;To understand the heart of Rovaniemi , Finland , step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest , where reindeer rule .
To reach the heart of Rovaniemi , Finland , step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest , where reindeer rule .;-cmp-;To understand the heart of Rovaniemi , Finland , step away from the city center and into the quiet of the forest , where reindeer rule .
The Pied Piper now , more than a fairy tale , becomes the emblem of a profound historical mystery .;-cmp-;The Pied Piper then , more than a fairy tale , becomes the emblem of a profound historical mystery .
But most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , chosen by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite and least favourite adopted son .;-cmp-;But most people recognise him for what he is , the Pied piper incarnate , appointed by Hamelin to impersonate its simultaneously favourite and least favourite adopted son .
But on a hot summer day , expect them to be bracing , as they rush in from the Atlantic and remain ice - cold year - round as a result .;-cmp-;Even on a hot summer day , expect them to be bracing , as they rush in from the Atlantic and remain ice - cold year - round as a result .
The countrywide lockdown due to coronavirus has not stopped Italians from bursting into morale - boosting song in a nationwide flashmob event .;-cmp-;A countrywide lockdown due to coronavirus has not stopped Italians from bursting into morale - boosting song in a nationwide flashmob event .
The event involved 285 enterprise from 30 countries , a number smaller than previous years due to the pandemic .;-cmp-;The event attracted 285 enterprise from 30 countries , a number smaller than previous years due to the pandemic .
The Laucala Private Island resort has partnered with Fiji Airways , the country ' s national airline , with a special itinerary .;-cmp-;The Laucala Private Island resort has partnered with Fiji Airways , the country ' s national airline , on a special itinerary .
This hike is to increase staff numbers , ensure stronger security screenings , and upgrade IT equipment and software , according to the European Commission .;-cmp-;The hike is to increase staff numbers , ensure stronger security screenings , and upgrade IT equipment and software , according to the European Commission .
Woemp is both pub fare and a useful way to repurpose leftovers at home .;-cmp-;Stoemp is both pub fare and a useful way to repurpose leftovers at home .
As the world bunkers in , the unique cultural ways that countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a bit about each nation ' s distinct character .;-cmp-;As the world bunkers in , the unique cultural ways that countries are coping with the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a lot about each nation ' s distinct character .
Responsible for meeting and greeting tour groups and dignitaries , he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the legend that draws most travellers here .;-cmp-;Responsible for meeting and greeting visiting groups and dignitaries , he leads tours of the city and embodies the enduring hold of the legend that draws most travellers here .
That said , despite the oceans involved , an Irish accent still shares more similar features to an American one than it does to southern English .;-cmp-;That said , despite the oceans involved , an Irish accent often shares more similar features to an American one than it does to southern English .
The numbers of some popular routes have been halved for the period from mid - October through November , compared with the holiday .;-cmp-;The costs of some popular routes have been halved for the period from mid - October through November , compared with the holiday .
Some claim they began in Belgium , where this salty delight was first encountered by american soldiers during World War i .;-cmp-;Some claim they began in Belgium , where the salty delight was first encountered by american soldiers during World War i .
The Green Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people the opportunity to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .;-cmp-;The Antarctic Sabbatical , as the travel company is dubbing it , will give five people the opportunity to study how widely micro plastics have infiltrated the region .
With the impact of the coronavirus pandemic , Hilton has gradually restored and further developed its business at a steady pace in 2020 .;-cmp-;Despite the impact of the coronavirus pandemic , Hilton has gradually restored and further developed its business at a steady pace in 2020 .
The length of some popular routes have been halved for the period from mid - October through November , compared with the holiday .;-cmp-;The costs of some popular routes have been halved for the period from mid - October through November , compared with the holiday .
The special sauce of black tucupi is making its way onto the menus of some of South America ’ s best restaurants , bringing a new sense of pride to an age - old tradition .;-cmp-;The ancestral sauce of black tucupi is making its way onto the menus of some of South America ’ s best restaurants , bringing a new sense of pride to an age - old tradition .
Tossing the wok provides better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .;-cmp-;Tossing the wok allows better mixing , which is essential when you have super high heat .
Reports of emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over packets of pasta can paint a bleak picture of the coronavirus outbreak .;-cmp-;Stories of emptying supermarket shelves or arguing over packets of pasta can paint a bleak picture of the coronavirus outbreak .
It is covered with snow for several months throughout the year , making it hard for crops to take root and grow .;-cmp-;It is covered with snow for eight months throughout the year , making it hard for crops to take root and grow .
Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size , with soft and creamy flesh , and with a smell that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties .;-cmp-;Kraisorn said a huge number of Chinese people prefer to eat durians that are small in size , with smooth and creamy flesh , and with a smell that is not as pungent as larger durian varieties .
Authorities around the world are trying to drive home the message we have to wash our hands to protect against the spread of the new coronavirus .;-cmp-;Authorities around the world are trying to hammer home the message we have to wash our hands to protect against the spread of the new coronavirus .
