#4.0:
When Wang Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
王朔在网上被称为“和森宝”，他是中国国家博物馆的一名讲解员，在某个特定的时刻，游客们反复提出一些问题。
When Zhang Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
当张朔（在网上被称为“和森宝”）在中国国家博物馆担任讲解员时，在某个特定的时刻，游客们反复提出了一些问题。

#7.0:
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students noticed great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张和女孩们刻苦训练，很快，老师和学生们注意到球队有了很大的进步，吸引了更多的学生加入。
Zhang and the girls worked hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张和女孩们努力学习，很快，老师和学生们看到了团队的巨大进步，吸引了更多的学生加入。

#13.0:
Most of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits that lay in the showcases of the museum .
大多数讲座都是由考古学家主持的，他们发掘了博物馆陈列柜中的展品。
Some of the lectures were delivered by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits that lay in the showcases of the museum .
一些讲座由考古学家主持，他们发掘了博物馆陈列柜中的展品。

#15.0:
People ask questions online such as : " Why should we read ? " " Why should we study advanced mathematics ? " " Why is logic important ? " And " why are the elderly valuable to human beings ? "
人们在网上问一些问题，比如：“我们为什么要读书？”“我们为什么要学习高等数学？”“为什么逻辑很重要？”以及“为什么老年人对人类有价值？”
People pose questions online such as : " Why should we read ? " " Why should we study advanced mathematics ? " " Why is logic important ? " And " why are the elderly valuable to human beings ? "
人们在网上提出这样的问题：“我们为什么要阅读？”“我们为什么要学习高等数学？”“为什么逻辑很重要？”以及“为什么老年人对人类有价值？”

#18.0:
" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“计算机科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
" Natural science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“自然科学训练了我严谨的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。

#19.0:
" Medical science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“医学科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
" My science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“我的科学训练了我严谨的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。

#20.0:
" Computer science trained me with rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“计算机科学训练了我严谨的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
" Computer science trained me in rigorous mathematical logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“计算机科学训练了我严格的数学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。

#21.0:
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school , Chen Nan reports .
据陈楠报道，钢琴大师郎朗宣布与NCPA合作，成立其音乐学校北京分校。
Chinese virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school , Chen Nan reports .
据陈楠报道，中国演奏家郎朗宣布与NCPA合作，成立他的音乐学校北京分校。

#22.0:
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of her music school , Chen Nan reports .
据陈楠报道，钢琴大师郎朗宣布与NCPA合作，成立她的音乐学校北京分校。
The virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school , Chen Nan reports .
据陈楠报道，演奏家郎朗宣布与NCPA合作，成立他的音乐学校北京分校。

#25.0:
Huang only has one student , Qin Zi , and at the end of the first school year , the leaders are set to evaluate Huang to decide whether they will keep the specialty .
黄光裕只有一个学生，秦子，在第一学年结束时，领导们将对黄光裕进行评估，以决定是否保留该专业。
He only has one student , Qin Zi , and at the end of the first school year , the leaders are set to evaluate Qin to decide whether they will keep the specialty .
他只有一个学生秦子，在第一学年结束时，领导们将对秦进行评估，以决定是否保留该专业。

#26.0:
Huang only has one student , Qin Zi , and at the beginning of the first school year , the leaders are set to evaluate Qin to decide whether they will keep the specialty .
黄光裕只有一名学生秦子，在第一学年开始时，领导们将对秦子进行评估，以决定是否保留该专业。
She only has one student , Qin Zi , and at the end of the first school year , the leaders are set to evaluate Qin to decide whether they will keep the specialty .
她只有一个学生，秦姿，在第一学年结束时，领导们将对秦姿进行评估，以决定是否保留该专业。

#27.0:
The production also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater .
这部作品还标志着在大剧院推出了新的东方舞台美学系列。
This production also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater .
这部作品也标志着新的东方舞台美学系列在大剧院的推出。

#28.0:
The production also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series in the grand theater .
这部作品也标志着新的东方舞台美学系列在大剧院的推出。
The season also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater .
本季还标志着大剧院引入了新的东方舞台美学系列。

#29.0:
The festival also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater .
该艺术节还标志着在大剧院推出了新的东方舞台美学系列。
The year also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater .
今年还标志着大剧院引入了新的东方舞台美学系列。

#31.0:
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Dingshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在这本书的开头，主角、来自定山大学的人类学教授黄白遇到了一个问题。
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Zhang Bai from Lengshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在书的开头，主角、冷山大学人类学教授张白面临着一个问题。

#32.0:
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Cangshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在这本书的开头，主角、苍山大学人类学教授黄白遇到了一个问题。
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Nongshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在这本书的开头，主人公、农山大学人类学教授黄白遇到了一个问题。

#34.0:
When the student , Xu Zihang , plays Chopin ' s Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante , Op 22 , Lang shares his understanding about the music piece .
当学生徐子航演奏肖邦的行板《斯皮亚纳托与伟大波兰舞曲》作品22时，郎朗分享了他对这首乐曲的理解。
When another student , Xu Zihang , plays Chopin ' s Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante , Op 22 , Lang shares his understanding about the music piece .
当另一名学生徐子航演奏肖邦的行板《斯皮亚纳托与伟大的波兰舞曲》，作品22时，朗分享了他对这首乐曲的理解。

#35.0:
When his student , Xu Zihang , plays Chopin ' s Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante , Op 22 , Lang shares his understanding about the musical piece .
当他的学生徐子航演奏肖邦的行板《斯皮亚纳托与伟大的波兰舞曲》，作品22时，郎朗分享了他对这首乐曲的理解。
When his student , Zhang Zihang , plays Chopin ' s Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante , Op 22 , Lang shares his understanding about the music piece .
当他的学生张子航演奏肖邦的行板《斯皮亚纳托与伟大波兰舞曲》作品22时，郎朗分享了他对这首乐曲的理解。

#39.0:
From 2006 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
从2006年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了四轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元。
From 2009 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
王说，从2009年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了四轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元。

#40.0:
From 2010 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
从2010年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了四轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元，王说。
From 2006 to 2017 , five rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
王说，从2006年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了五轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元。

#41.0:
From 2011 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
从2011年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了四轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元，王说。
From 2006 to 2017 , three rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
从2006年到2017年，交河遗址先后进行了三轮加固和维护工作，总投资超过1亿元。

#42.0:
It was inspired by her childhood memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
它的灵感来自于她童年的记忆，花了田一个多星期才完成。
It was inspired by his childhood memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
灵感来自于他童年的记忆，田花了一个多星期才完成。

#43.0:
This was inspired by her childhood memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
这是受她童年记忆的启发，田花了一个多星期才完成。
It was inspired by her own memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
灵感来自于她自己的记忆，田花了一个多星期才完成。

#44.0:
It was inspired by her childhood memories and took Tian over a week to complete .
这本书的灵感来自于她童年的记忆，花了田一周多的时间才完成。
It was inspired from her childhood memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
它的灵感来自于她童年的记忆，花了田一个多星期才完成。

#47.0:
I finally got her into the shower , dressed her hurriedly and made it to a nearby bus stop in time .
我终于让她冲了个澡，匆匆穿好衣服，及时赶到附近的一个公共汽车站。
I finally got her into the shower , dried her hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time .
我终于让她冲了个澡，赶紧把她擦干，及时赶到附近的公交车站。

#48.0:
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
“现在庆祝可能还为时过早，但我想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but we want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
“现在庆祝还为时过早，但我们想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”

#54.0:
Working at the NMC for 10 years has largely increased his knowledge in many respects , and improved his storytelling skills .
在NMC工作了10年，他在许多方面的知识都有了很大的提高，讲故事的技能也有所提高。
Working in the NMC for 10 years has largely increased his knowledge in many respects , and improved his storytelling skills .
在NMC工作了10年，极大地提高了他的许多方面的知识，并提高了他的讲故事技能。

#59.0:
He observed that today , although people can easily get all kinds of information through the internet , they seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge .
他观察到，今天，尽管人们可以很容易地通过互联网获得各种信息，但他们似乎越来越不知道什么应该是常识。
He observed that today , although people can easily get many kinds of information from the internet , they seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge .
他观察到，今天，虽然人们可以很容易地从互联网上获得多种信息，但他们似乎越来越不知道什么应该是常识。

#61.0:
Xiaoweihua literally means " paintings around bed " , with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect .
“小卫花”的字面意思是“床周围的画”，在当地方言中，“康”是一种加热床的名称。
Gweihua literally means " paintings around bed " , with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect .
Gweihua的字面意思是“床周围的画”，kang是当地方言中一种加热床的名称。

#62.0:
Kangweihua literally means " paintings around bed " , with gong being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect .
康维华的字面意思是“床周围的画”，龚是当地方言中一种加热床的名称。
Kangweihua literally means " paintings around bed " , with kang being the name of a kind of heated bed in the local dialect .
“康卫华”的字面意思是“床周围的画”，在当地方言中，“康”是一种加热床的名称。

#63.0:
During the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .
在疫情期间，我们都有共同的感受，比如焦虑和失望，因为我们的生活受到了严重影响，我们的计划被打乱。
During this pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .
在这场流行病期间，我们都有共同的感受，例如焦虑和失望，因为我们的生活受到严重影响，我们的计划被打乱。

#64.0:
During the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been seriously affected and our plans disrupted .
在疫情期间，我们都有共同的感受，例如焦虑和失望，因为我们的生活受到严重影响，我们的计划受到破坏。
Since the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .
自从疫情爆发以来，我们都有共同的感受，比如焦虑和失望，因为我们的生活受到严重影响，我们的计划被打乱。

#65.0:
During the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as fear and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .
在疫情期间，我们都有共同的感受，比如恐惧和失望，因为我们的生活受到严重影响，我们的计划被打乱。
During the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been severely affected and our plans disrupted .
在疫情期间，我们都有共同的感受，例如焦虑和失望，因为我们的生活受到严重影响，我们的计划受到破坏。

#66.0:
At the end of the day , I would watch the news on TV , which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in Hong Kong .
一天结束时，我会看电视上的新闻，整个星期都在报道香港发生的历史性事件。
Towards the end of the day , I would watch the news on TV , which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in Hong Kong .
一天快结束的时候，我会看电视上的新闻，整个星期都在报道香港发生的历史性事件。

#73.0:
The two concerts were produced by the Liu Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这两场音乐会由刘晓英歌剧中心制作，这是一家新的艺术机构，由这位同名指挥家于今年在厦门创办。
The two concerts were produced by the Li Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这两场音乐会由李小英歌剧中心制作，这是一家由这位同名指挥家今年在厦门创办的新艺术机构。

#74.0:
The three concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这三场音乐会由郑晓颖歌剧中心制作，郑晓颖今年在厦门创办了一家新的艺术机构。
These two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这两场音乐会由郑晓颖歌剧中心制作，这是一家由这位同名指挥家今年在厦门创办的新艺术机构。

#77.0:
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being staged at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday .
编舞费波将于周二和周三在北京天桥剧院上演他的一系列作品，以庆祝他担任编舞20周年。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing every Tuesday and Wednesday .
编舞费波将于每周二和周三在北京天桥剧院表演他的部分作品，以庆祝他担任编舞20周年。

#78.0:
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in the apartment compound ' s pool about three or four times that week .
为了补偿我的女儿，我会让她在公寓区的游泳池里游泳，大约一周三四次。
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in our apartment compound ' s pool about three or four times that week .
为了补偿我的女儿，我会让她在我们公寓小区的游泳池里游泳，大约一周三四次。

#79.0:
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in the apartment compound ' s pool maybe three or four times that week .
为了补偿我的女儿，我会让她在公寓的游泳池里游泳，一周大概三到四次。
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in my apartment compound ' s pool about three or four times that week .
为了补偿我的女儿，我每周让她在我公寓的游泳池里游泳三到四次。

#80.0:
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in the apartment compound ' s pool only three or four times that week .
为了补偿我女儿，我每周只让她在公寓的游泳池里游泳三四次。
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her jump in the apartment compound ' s pool about three or four times that week .
为了补偿我女儿，我会让她一周跳三四次公寓楼的游泳池。

#83.0:
" I was really angry at those people , so I wrote an article refuting their ideas .
“我真的很生那些人的气，所以我写了一篇文章驳斥他们的观点。
" I was very angry at those guys , so I wrote an article refuting their ideas .
“我对那些家伙非常生气，所以我写了一篇文章驳斥他们的观点。

#86.0:
She had flown to Hong Kong five days earlier on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city ' s return to China .
五天前，她被派往香港，为菲律宾报纸《营业日》报道香港回归中国的消息。
He had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city ' s return to China .
几天前，他被派往香港，为菲律宾报纸《营业日》报道香港回归中国的消息。

#90.0:
Before his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China .
在1976年第一次访华之前，他已经学习汉语六年了，读了几本关于中国的书。
During his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China .
在1976年的第一次中国之行中，他已经学习了六年汉语，读了几本关于中国的书。

#91.0:
On his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China .
在1976年的第一次中国之行中，他已经学习了六年汉语，读了几本关于中国的书。
Before his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read numerous books about China .
在1976年第一次访华之前，他已经学习汉语六年了，读了很多关于中国的书。

#92.0:
Before his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read many books about China .
在1976年第一次访华之前，他已经学习汉语六年了，读了很多关于中国的书。
Before his first China trip in 1976 , he had already studied the Chinese language for five years and read several books about China .
在1976年第一次访华之前，他已经学习了五年汉语，读了几本关于中国的书。

#96.0:
They then perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .
然后他们进行必要的测量，在用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，用简单、干净的线条画出框架。
They then perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches using black and white pencils .
然后，他们进行必要的测量，在使用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，用简单、干净的线条绘制框架。

#97.0:
They then perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches in black and white pencils .
然后他们进行必要的测量，在用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，用简单、干净的线条画出框架。
They then perform the required measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .
然后，他们进行所需的测量，在用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，用简单、干净的线绘制框架。

#98.0:
They then perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame in simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .
然后，他们进行必要的测量，在用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，以简单、干净的线条绘制框架。
They will perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .
在用黑白铅笔绘制草图之前，他们将进行必要的测量，并用简单、干净的线条绘制框架。

#99.0:
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
" We have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我们看到了很多公众无法接触的东西，听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。

#100.0:
" You have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“你看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and told a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，讲了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。

#101.0:
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " she says .
“我看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”她说。
" I have seen a lot of places inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我看到了很多公众无法进入的地方，听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。

#102.0:
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have a repeat of July 1 .
我确保在本周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，所以我们没有重蹈7月1日的覆辙。
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have another repeat of July 1 .
我确保在本周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，这样我们就不会再重复7月1日了。

#103.0:
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of that week , so we did not have a repeat of July 1 .
我确保在那周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，所以我们没有重蹈7月1日的覆辙。
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so I did not have a repeat of July 1 .
我确保在本周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，所以我没有重复7月1日。

#104.0:
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we would not have a repeat of July 1 .
我确保在本周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，这样我们就不会重蹈7月1日的覆辙。
We made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have a repeat of July 1 .
我们确保在本周剩下的时间里睡个好觉，所以我们没有重蹈7月1日的覆辙。

#106.0:
So , the world has remained at a largely peaceful status over the past decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .
因此，在过去几十年中，世界基本上保持和平状态，但一些危险的冲突和摩擦不时出现，邢说。
So , the world has remained in a largely peaceful status for the past decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .
邢说，因此，过去几十年来，世界基本上保持和平状态，但一些危险的冲突和摩擦不时出现。

#107.0:
So , the world has remained in a relatively peaceful status over the past decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .
因此，在过去几十年中，世界一直处于相对和平的状态，但一些危险的冲突和摩擦不时出现，邢说。
So , the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the last decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .
因此，在过去几十年中，世界基本上保持和平状态，但一些危险的冲突和摩擦不时出现，邢说。

#111.0:
" None of them have received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们都没有接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直在努力工作。
" Most of them have received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们中的大多数人都接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直在努力工作。

#112.0:
" Many of them have received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们中的许多人都接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直在努力工作。
" All of them have received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们都接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直努力工作。

#113.0:
" Some of them have received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们中的一些人接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直在努力工作。
" None of them has received professional training , it is not easy to have such an imagination . " That aside , the group has worked hard .
“他们都没有接受过专业培训，要有这样的想象力并不容易。”除此之外，该团队一直在努力工作。

#117.0:
She learned to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
当她还是个孩子的时候，她就和母亲一起学会了绘画，现在，54岁的她仍然在绘画，并试图保留这一传统。
She began to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
当她还是个孩子的时候，她就开始和母亲一起画画，现在，54岁的她仍然在画画，并试图保留这一传统。

#118.0:
She started to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
当她还是个孩子的时候，她就开始和母亲一起画画，现在，54岁的她仍然在画画，并试图保留这一传统。
She used to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
她小时候曾和母亲一起画画，现在，54岁的她仍在画画，并试图保留这一传统。

#119.0:
She learned to paint , with her father , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
当她还是个孩子的时候，她和父亲一起学会了绘画，现在，54岁的她仍然在绘画，并试图保留这一传统。
She learned to paint , with her mother , when she was a teenager and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
她十几岁时就和母亲一起学会了绘画，现在，54岁的她仍然在绘画，并试图保留这一传统。

#123.0:
With rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
袁的文章具有严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，易于理解。
With a scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
凭借科学的逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。

#124.0:
Using rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
袁的文章运用了严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，很容易理解。
With his scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
凭借科学的逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。

#125.0:
With rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a talent in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
袁的文章具有严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的天赋，易于理解。
With their scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
凭借其科学的逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。

#128.0:
Such help was particularly useful in the California Gold Rush of the late 1840s and 1850s .
这种帮助在19世纪40年代末和19世纪50年代的加利福尼亚淘金热中特别有用。
Such equipment was particularly useful during the California Gold Rush of the late 1840s and 1850s .
这种设备在19世纪40年代末和19世纪50年代加利福尼亚淘金热期间特别有用。

#129.0:
" Ten here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
“这里的十更多的是指‘完美’，而不是一个特定的数字，因此得名。”
" And here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
“这里更多的是指‘完美’，而不是具体的数字，因此得名。”

#130.0:
" Ten here is simply a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
“这里的“十”只是指“完美”，而不是一个特定的数字，因此得名。”
" Ten here is just a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
“这里的十只是指‘完美’，而不是一个特定的数字，因此得名。”

#132.0:
When another student , Lin Zihan , plays the first movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .
当另一名学生林子涵演奏贝多芬C大调钢琴奏鸣曲Op 2第3乐章的第一乐章时，朗站在钢琴旁，通过抬起和低下他的头来演示渐强和渐弱。
When another student , Lin Zihan , plays the second movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .
当另一名学生林子涵演奏贝多芬C大调钢琴奏鸣曲Op 2 No 3的第二乐章时，朗站在钢琴旁，通过抬起和低下他的头来演示渐强和渐弱。

#134.0:
When the student , Lin Zihan , plays the first movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .
当学生林子涵演奏贝多芬C大调钢琴奏鸣曲Op 2第3乐章的第一乐章时，朗站在钢琴旁边，通过抬起和低下他的头来演示渐强和渐弱。
When another student , Lin Zihan , plays the first movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 4 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .
当另一名学生林子涵演奏贝多芬C大调钢琴奏鸣曲Op 2第4乐章的第一乐章时，朗站在钢琴旁，通过抬起和低下他的头来演示渐强和渐弱。

#137.0:
A series of paintings about her mother ' s daily life , such as cooking in the kitchen , braiding children ' s hair or doing housework , are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county .
一系列关于她母亲日常生活的绘画作品，如在厨房做饭、给孩子编辫子或做家务，现在在同心县当地文化中心展出。
Her series of paintings about her mother ' s daily life , such as cooking in the kitchen , braiding children ' s hair and doing housework , are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county .
她的一系列关于母亲日常生活的绘画作品，如在厨房做饭、给孩子编辫子和做家务等，现在在同心县当地文化中心展出。

#139.0:
" We all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Zhu Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
“我们都来自和新村，同时也上了绘画课，”该区文化场馆的讲师朱钦华说。
" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Wang Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
“他们都来自和新村，同时上绘画课，”来自该区文化场馆的讲师王钦华说。

#140.0:
" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Liu Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
“他们都来自和新村，同时上绘画课，”该区文化场馆的讲师刘钦华说。
" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Li Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
“他们都来自和新村，同时上过绘画课，”该区文化场馆的讲师李钦华说。

#141.0:
" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hands .
“随着波浪的前进，歌声也会很流畅，”他一边挥手一边哼着旋律补充道。
" When the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hands .
“当波浪向前移动时，歌唱进行得很顺利，”他一边挥手一边哼着旋律补充道。

#143.0:
" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hand .
“随着波浪的前进，歌声也会很流畅，”他一边挥手一边哼着旋律补充道。
" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , repeating the melody while waving his hands .
“随着波浪的前进，歌声也在平稳地进行，”他补充道，一边挥手，一边重复着旋律。

#144.0:
" If there is a change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in time and accurately , " he added .
他补充说：“如果裂缝发生变化，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地前往该地点检查。”。
" When there is a change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in time and accurately , " he added .
他补充道：“当裂缝发生变化时，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地到达该点并检查情况。”。

#145.0:
" If there is a change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot to check things out in time and accurately , " he added .
他补充说：“如果裂缝发生变化，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地前往该地点查看情况。”。
" If there is any change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in time and accurately , " he added .
他补充说：“如果裂缝有任何变化，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地前往该地点检查。”。

#146.0:
" If there is a change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and work things out in time and accurately , " he added .
他补充说：“如果裂缝发生变化，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地到达那个地点解决问题。”。
" If there is a change in the crack , the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in time and accurately , " she added .
她补充说：“如果裂缝发生变化，系统将发出警报，帮助我们及时、准确地前往该地点检查。”。

#149.0:
Hence , when the paintings were first circulated over the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .
因此，当这些画首次在互联网上传播时，人们给它们起了一个绰号“在河上进行核酸检测”。
However , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .
然而，当这些画第一次在互联网上传播时，人们给它们起了一个绰号“河上核酸检测”。

#154.0:
" The idea to create a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建立一个人类命运共享的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , promoted by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
他说：“由中国国家主席倡导的建设一个人类命运共享的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。

#155.0:
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he stated .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类共同未来的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , initiated by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
他说：“由中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类命运共同体的想法已经变得更加迫切，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。

#157.0:
Yuan developed this objective point of view through studying computer science , which was not his first choice for university .
袁通过学习计算机科学发展了这种客观的观点，而计算机科学并不是他上大学的首选。
Yuan achieved this objective point of view through studying computer science , which was not his first choice for university .
袁通过学习计算机科学实现了这一客观观点，而计算机科学并不是他上大学的首选。

#158.0:
Yuan followed this objective point of view through studying computer science , which was not his first choice for university .
袁在学习计算机科学时遵循了这种客观的观点，这不是他大学的第一选择。
Yuan acquired this objective point of view through studying computer science , which was not his original choice for university .
袁通过学习计算机科学获得了这种客观的观点，而这并不是他大学的最初选择。

#159.0:
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
团队成员古利贝格·梅明·雷赫曼（Gulibekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为蛟河的一名管理员。
Bulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
团队成员布利贝格·梅明·雷赫曼（Bulibekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为蛟河的一名管理员。

#160.0:
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe upon graduation .
团队成员古利贝格·梅明·雷赫曼（Gulibekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为蛟河的一名管理员。
Gambekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
团队成员甘贝基·梅明·雷赫曼（Gambekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为蛟河的一名管理员。

#161.0:
Garbekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
Garbekge Maiming Reheman是一名团队成员，她追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为蛟河的一名管理员。
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Qiaohe after graduation .
团队成员古里贝格·迈明·热曼追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为了桥河的一名管理员。

#164.0:
Over the years , local governments have put in effort to promote painting amongst farmers and enrich their cultural life .
多年来，地方政府努力在农民中推广绘画，丰富他们的文化生活。
Over the years , local governments have put in effort to encourage painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life .
多年来，地方政府一直在努力鼓励农民绘画，丰富他们的文化生活。

#165.0:
When the outline of the paintings are done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .
当画的轮廓画好后，艺术家们用丙烯酸或油画颜料给它们上色。
Once the outline of the paintings are done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .
一旦画出了轮廓，艺术家们就用丙烯酸或油画颜料给它们上色。

#166.0:
After the outline of the paintings are done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .
画好轮廓后，艺术家们用丙烯酸或油画颜料给它们上色。
When the outline of the paintings is done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .
当画的轮廓画好后，艺术家们用丙烯酸或油画颜料给它们上色。

#169.0:
In 2019 , Xiuzhou was declared a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
2019年，秀洲被文化旅游部宣布为“中国民间文化艺术之乡”。
In 2019 , Jiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
2019年，九州被文化旅游部命名为“中国民间文化艺术之乡”。

#170.0:
In 2019 , Xiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese traditional culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
2019年，秀洲被文化旅游部命名为“中国传统文化艺术之乡”。
In 2019 , Puzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
2019年，浦州被文化旅游部命名为“中国民间文化艺术之乡”。

#179.0:
But a lot of great classics were created in the form of dialogue , such as The Analects of Confucius and The Republic .
但许多伟大的经典作品都是以对话的形式创作的，比如《论语》和《共和国》。
Later a lot of great classics were created in the form of dialogue , such as The Analects of Confucius and The Republic .
后来，许多伟大的经典作品以对话的形式被创造出来，如《论语》和《共和国》。

#180.0:
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
这是一种民间艺术，在20世纪60年代和70年代，在田的家乡宁夏回族自治区同心县非常流行。
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Bian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
这是一种民间艺术，在60年代和70年代在卞的家乡宁夏回族自治区同心县非常流行。

#181.0:
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Wuxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
这是一种民间艺术，在20世纪60年代和70年代，在田的家乡，中国西北部宁夏回族自治区武信县非常流行。
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Fuxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
这是一种民间艺术，在60年代和70年代，在田的家乡，中国西北部宁夏回族自治区阜新县非常流行。

#183.0:
Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
在绘画之前，艺术家需要打磨墙壁以确保其光滑。
Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls and make sure they are smooth .
在绘画之前，艺术家需要打磨墙壁，确保它们光滑。

#185.0:
Before painting , the artists have to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
在绘画之前，艺术家们必须打磨墙壁以确保其光滑。
When painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
绘画时，艺术家需要打磨墙壁以确保其光滑。

#186.0:
However , despite being " open to understanding " , China in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality .
然而，尽管他“对理解持开放态度”，书中的中国并没有让他为现实中的中国做好准备。
Thus , despite being " open to understanding " , China in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality .
因此，尽管他“对理解持开放态度”，但书中的中国并没有让他为现实中的中国做好准备。

#187.0:
However , while being " open to understanding " , China in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality .
然而，尽管书中的中国“对理解持开放态度”，但他并没有为现实中的中国做好准备。
However , despite being " open to understanding " , China in the books did nothing to prepare him for China in reality .
然而，尽管他“乐于理解”，书中的中国并没有让他为现实中的中国做好任何准备。

#189.0:
Many times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference .
很多时候，为了给她的绘画提供灵感，姜的孙子长途跋涉到邻近的村庄拍摄自然风景，供她参考。
Many times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages and take pictures of natural scenery for her reference .
很多时候，为了给她的绘画提供灵感，姜的孙子长途跋涉到邻近的村庄，拍摄自然风景照片供她参考。

#190.0:
Many times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of local scenery for her reference .
很多时候，为了给她的绘画提供灵感，姜的孙子长途跋涉到邻近的村庄拍摄当地的风景，供她参考。
Several times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference .
为了给她的绘画提供灵感，蒋的孙子多次长途跋涉到邻近的村庄拍摄自然风景，供她参考。

#192.0:
If you take a walk around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
如果你在展览中四处走走，你会发现一些关于月球的关键点，你需要做的是在其间填充一些故事。
When you take a walk around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
当你在展览中散步时，你可以找到一些关于月球的关键点，你需要做的是在其间填充一些故事。

#193.0:
If you take a trip around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
如果你去参观展览，你可以找到一些关于月球的关键点，你需要做的是在其间填充一些故事。
If you take a walk around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , but what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
如果你在展览中四处走走，你可以找到一些关于月球的关键点，但你需要做的是在其间填充一些故事。

#194.0:
If you take a walk around the exhibitions , you may find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
如果你在展览中四处走走，你可能会发现一些关于月球的关键点，你需要做的是在其间填充一些故事。
If you take a walk around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you have to do is to fill some stories in between .
如果你在展览中四处走走，你会发现一些关于月球的关键点，你要做的就是在其间填充一些故事。

#195.0:
Last year , a renovated granary rose in Wuxing , a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu , Sichuan province .
去年，四川省成都市北部德阳市的吴兴村出现了一座经过翻新的粮仓。
Last year , a renovated granary rose in Daxing , a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu , Sichuan province .
去年，在四川省成都市北部德阳市的大兴村，一座经过翻修的粮仓拔地而起。

#196.0:
Last year , a renovated granary rose in Wuxing , a village in Deyang city in south of Chengdu , Sichuan province .
去年，四川省成都市南部德阳市的吴兴村出现了一座经过翻新的粮仓。
Last year , a renovated granary rose in Wuxing , a village in Yiyang city in north of Chengdu , Sichuan province .
去年，在四川省成都市北部益阳市的吴兴村，一座经过翻修的粮仓拔地而起。

#204.0:
Jiang Sanna , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 4 am every day to practice painting .
该组织最年长的成员、仙女刺绣师蒋三娜每天早上4点起床练习绘画。
Jiang Jinna , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 4 am every day to practice painting .
姜金娜是该团体中年龄最大的成员，也是仙女刺绣的制作者。她每天早上4点起床练习绘画。

#205.0:
Jiang Xina , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 4 am every day to practice painting .
该组织最年长的成员、仙女刺绣师姜欣娜每天早上4点起床练习绘画。
Jiang Sanna , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 3 am every day to practice painting .
该组织最年长的成员、仙女刺绣师蒋三娜每天凌晨3点起床练习绘画。

#206.0:
Jiang Xiaona , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 4 am every day to practice painting .
姜晓娜是该团体中年龄最大的成员，也是仙女刺绣的制作者，她每天早上4点起床练习绘画。
Jiang Sanna , the oldest member of the group and the maker of Fairy Embroidery , gets up at 5 am every day to practice painting .
该组织最年长的成员、仙女刺绣师蒋三娜每天早上5点起床练习绘画。

#208.0:
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Wuhu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .
此外，还演出了中国流行歌剧中的歌曲，包括1959年在北京首演的《芜湖红卫兵》，以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年。
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Donghu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .
此外，还演出了中国流行歌剧中的歌曲，包括1959年为纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年在北京首演的《东湖红卫兵》。

#210.0:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿的港仔后海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡轮。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Bulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过了从福建省厦门出发的短渡轮——布朗屿的港仔后海滩。

#212.0:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Dazaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿上的大宰洲海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡口。
As the sun set on a hot summer afternoon this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏日午后，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿的港仔后海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡轮。

#214.0:
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , despite the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .
专家们周四呼吁采取更多行动，促进和平与发展，这是《时代》的主题，尽管乌克兰局势持续紧张，全世界的不确定性日益增加。
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , amid the growing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .
周四，专家们呼吁在乌克兰日益紧张和全球不确定性日益增加的情况下，采取更多行动促进和平与发展，这是《时代》的主题。

#215.0:
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , amid the increasing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .
周四，专家们呼吁在乌克兰日益紧张和全球不确定性日益增加的情况下，采取更多行动促进和平与发展，这是《时代》的主题。
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , amid the rising tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .
周四，专家们呼吁在乌克兰紧张局势加剧和全球不确定性加剧的情况下，采取更多行动促进和平与发展，这是《时代》的主题。

#217.0:
He dedicated the song to the 25th anniversary on May 1 of Hong Kong ' s return to the motherland .
他将这首歌献给5月1日香港回归25周年。
He dedicated the song to the 20th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong ' s return to the motherland .
他将这首歌献给7月1日香港回归20周年。

#218.0:
He dedicated the song to the 25th anniversary on June 1 of Hong Kong ' s return to the motherland .
他将这首歌献给6月1日香港回归25周年。
He dedicated the song to the 10th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong ' s return to the motherland .
他将这首歌献给7月1日香港回归十周年。

#223.0:
He had a very warm personality , even when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
“他有一个非常热情的个性，即使是在他年轻的时候，或者说是一头小狮子，”朗说。
He had a very strong personality , especially when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
“他有很强的个性，特别是当他还是一个年轻人，或者说是一头小狮子的时候，”朗说。

#224.0:
He had a very strong personality , from when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
朗说：“从他年轻的时候起，他就有很强的个性，或者说，他是一头小狮子。”。
He had a very strong personality , even when he was a young man , and let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
“他有很强的个性，甚至在他年轻的时候，比如说，一头小狮子，”朗说。

#226.0:
" That ' s something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement . "
“这是我们需要祝贺领导层为中国人民所做的事情，并希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中学习。”
" It ' s something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us will learn from that achievement . "
“我们需要祝贺领导层为中国人民做出的贡献，并希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中学习。”

#229.0:
Lang first began exploring the masterpiece several years ago and presented his recordings as the outcome of a personal , emotional journey .
几年前，郎朗首次开始探索这部杰作，并将他的录音作为个人情感旅程的结果呈现出来。
Lang first began exploring the masterpiece 20 years ago and presented his recordings as the results of a personal , emotional journey .
20年前，郎朗首次开始探索这部杰作，并将他的录音作为个人情感旅程的结果呈现。

#230.0:
Lang first began exploring the masterpiece 20 years ago and presented his recordings as an outcome of a personal , emotional journey .
20年前，郎朗第一次开始探索这部杰作，并将他的录音作为个人情感之旅的结果呈现出来。
Lang first began exploring the masterpiece 20 years ago and presented his recordings as the outcome of a personal , emotional quest .
20年前，朗首次开始探索这部杰作，并将他的录音作为个人情感探索的结果呈现。

#233.0:
Right up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .
在那之前，我一直想成为一名社会科学家，在社会科学领域研究中国。
Because up until that point , I had wanted to be a political scientist who worked on China in social sciences .
因为在那之前，我一直想成为一名政治学家，在社会科学领域研究中国。

#234.0:
Some folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
一些民间艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村里的人画画，以此谋生。
Some religious artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
一些宗教艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村庄里的人们画画，以此谋生。

#235.0:
Some folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting at temples but also painting for people in villages .
一些民间艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村里的人画画，以此谋生。
Many folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
许多民间艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村庄里的人们画画，以此谋生。

#236.0:
Some young artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
一些年轻艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村里的人画画，以此谋生。
Some Buddhist artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
一些佛教艺术家不仅在寺庙里画画，还为村庄里的人们画画，以此谋生。

#238.0:
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge since a young age , he became a docent at the NMC more than 10 years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .
他从小就对各种各样的知识着迷，10多年前大学毕业后，他成为了NMC的讲师，主修计算机科学。
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age , he became a docent at the NMC more than 20 years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .
20多年前，他从主修计算机科学的大学毕业后，就对各种各样的知识着迷，成为了NMC的讲师。

#239.0:
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age , he became a docent in the NMC more than 10 years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .
他从小就对各种知识着迷，10多年前大学毕业后，他成为了NMC的讲师，主修计算机科学。
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age , he became a docent at the NMC more than ten years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .
他从小就对各种各样的知识着迷，十多年前大学毕业后，他成为了NMC的讲师，主修计算机科学。

#240.0:
My daughter turned to look at me for a minute and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . "
我女儿转过身看了我一会儿，喃喃自语，部分是为了责备我：“我要妈妈。”
Our daughter turned to look at me for a minute and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . "
我们的女儿转过身看了我一分钟，喃喃自语，部分是为了反驳：“我要妈妈。”

#241.0:
My daughter continued to look at me for a minute and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . "
我女儿继续看了我一分钟，喃喃自语，部分是为了责备我：“我要妈妈。”
Her daughter turned to look at me for a minute and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . "
她的女儿转过身看了我一会儿，喃喃自语，部分是为了责备我：“我要妈妈。”

#248.0:
The United States still holds the legality of hegemony though the Cold War was over .
冷战结束后，美国仍然拥有霸权的合法性。
The United States still holds the mentality of hegemony though the Cold War was ended .
冷战结束后,美国仍然保持着霸权心态。

#253.0:
She interviewed entrepreneurs since the early 1990s to study the social dynamics behind their development .
她采访了20世纪90年代初以来的企业家，以研究他们发展背后的社会动力。
He followed entrepreneurs since the early 1990s to study the social dynamics behind their development .
他从20世纪90年代初开始跟踪企业家，研究他们发展背后的社会动态。

#254.0:
He studied entrepreneurs since the early 1990s to study the social dynamics behind their development .
他从20世纪90年代初开始研究企业家，以研究他们发展背后的社会动力。
He interviewed entrepreneurs since the early 1990s to investigate the social dynamics behind their development .
他采访了20世纪90年代初以来的企业家，调查他们发展背后的社会动力。

#257.0:
" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s objective and it ' s already part of our 2030 Agenda . "
“消除贫困的目标是每个人的目标，它已经是我们2030年议程的一部分。”
" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s priority and it ' s already part of the 2030 Agenda . "
“消除贫困的目标是每个人的优先事项，它已经是2030年议程的一部分。”

#258.0:
His works are very expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be very careful and fully deliver the meaning behind his musical notes . "
他的作品非常富有表现力，这需要我们作为翻译人员非常仔细，充分传达他的音符背后的含义。”
His compositions are very expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be very careful and fully deliver the meaning behind his musical notes . "
他的作品非常富有表现力，这需要我们这些口译员非常小心，充分表达他的音符背后的含义。”

#259.0:
His works are very expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be extremely careful and fully deliver the meaning behind his musical notes . "
他的作品非常富有表现力，这需要我们这些翻译人员非常小心，充分传达他的音符背后的含义。”
His works are very expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be very careful and fully deliver the meanings behind his musical notes . "
他的作品非常富有表现力，这需要我们作为翻译人员非常小心，充分传达他音符背后的含义。”

#260.0:
His songs are very expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be very careful and fully deliver the meaning behind his musical notes . "
他的歌曲很有表现力，这需要我们作为翻译人员非常小心，充分传达他的音符背后的含义。”
His works are extremely expressive , which need us , interpreters , to be very careful and fully deliver the meaning behind his musical notes . "
他的作品极富表现力，这需要我们这些翻译人员非常小心，充分表达他的音符背后的含义。”

#262.0:
His remarks were made at a seminar held by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing .
他是在中国社会科学院在北京举行的研讨会上发表上述言论的。
The remarks were made at a seminar organized by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing .
这番话是在中国社会科学院在北京举办的研讨会上说的。

#264.0:
After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
根据“十姐妹”的说法，在那之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并给它上色，直到创作完成。
After this , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
根据“十姐妹”的说法，在此之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并对其进行着色，直到创作完成。

#265.0:
After completion , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
根据“十姐妹”的说法，完成后，他们需要放大、丰富细节，并对其着色，直到创作完成。
Beyond that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
根据“十姐妹”的说法，除此之外，他们还需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并为其着色，直到创作完成。

#266.0:
After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until their creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
根据“十姐妹”的说法，在那之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并对其进行着色，直到创作完成。
After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Seven Sisters " .
根据“七姐妹”的说法，在那之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并给它上色，直到创作完成。

#267.0:
Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，一名保安要求我动作快点，因为我的观众挡住了去路，”他说。
Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because our audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，一名保安让我走得更快，因为我们的观众挡住了去路，”他说。

#268.0:
Until that day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到那天，一名保安要求我动作快点，因为我的观众挡住了去路，”他说。
Until one day , the security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，保安让我走得更快，因为我的观众挡住了去路，”他说。

#269.0:
Until one day , a security guard told me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，一名保安告诉我要走得更快，因为我的观众挡住了去路，”他说。
And one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
有一天，一名保安让我走得更快，因为我的观众挡住了去路，”他说。

#271.0:
In 2020 , the pianist released two live recordings of Bach ' s Goldberg Variations , one live and one recorded in the studio .
2020年，这位钢琴家发布了两张巴赫《戈德堡变奏曲》的现场录音，一张是现场录音，另一张是在录音室录制的。
In 2020 , the pianist made two new recordings of Bach ' s Goldberg Variations , one live and one recorded in the studio .
2020年，这位钢琴家为巴赫的戈德堡变奏曲制作了两张新唱片，一张是现场录音，另一张是在录音室录制的。

#275.0:
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor show in front of audiences close to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在靠近海洋的观众面前进行户外表演。
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor concert in front of audiences next to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在海边的观众面前举办户外音乐会。

#277.0:
There is much to find out about the city ' s history and eclectic culture at the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair , and then some more , writes Gennadi Oreshkin .
Gennadi Oreshkin写道，在正在举行的第32届香港书展上，有很多关于香港历史和兼收并蓄文化的内容，还有更多。
There is much to find out about the city ' s history and eclectic culture during the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair , and then some more , writes Gennady Oreshkin .
Gennady Oreshkin写道，在正在进行的第32届香港书展上，我们可以了解到很多关于这个城市的历史和兼收并蓄的文化。

#278.0:
There is much to find out about the city ' s history and eclectic culture at the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair , and then some more , writes Gennady Peshkin .
Gennady Peshkin写道，在正在举行的第32届香港书展上，有很多关于香港历史和折衷主义文化的信息，还有更多信息。
There is much to find out about the city ' s history and eclectic culture at the upcoming 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair , and then some more , writes Gennady Oreshkin .
Gennady Oreshkin写道，在即将到来的第32届香港书展上，我们可以了解到很多关于这个城市的历史和折衷文化，还有更多。

#284.0:
To learn a piece of work , they must first make a sample on A4 paper , tell the instructor about the ideas , and then perfect it according to the instructor ' s advice .
为了学习一件作品，他们必须首先在A4纸上制作一个样本，告诉老师想法，然后根据老师的建议完善它。
To create a piece of work , they must first create a sample on A4 paper , tell the instructor about the ideas , and then perfect it according to the instructor ' s advice .
要创作一件作品，他们必须首先在A4纸上制作一个样本，告诉讲师想法，然后根据讲师的建议完善它。

#291.0:
Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
需要深化务实合作，在“一带一路”倡议倡议的指导下，开创文化旅游交流合作的新时代。”
Practical cooperation has to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
必须深化务实合作，在“一带一路”倡议倡议的指导下，开创文化和旅游交流合作的新时代。”

#292.0:
Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as development under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
需要深化务实合作，在“一带一路”倡议倡议的指导下，开创文化旅游交流发展的新时代。”
Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the auspices of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
需要深化务实合作，开创文化和旅游交流以及“一带一路”倡议倡议下合作的新时代。”

#293.0:
Practical cooperation is to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
深化务实合作，开创“一带一路”倡议引领下的文化旅游交流合作新时代。”
Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to foster a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative . ”
需要深化务实合作，在“一带一路”倡议倡议的指导下，开创文化和旅游交流合作的新时代。”

#294.0:
" Many years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“许多年后，人们可能会依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”
" Ten years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“十年后，人们完全可以依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”

#298.0:
The government leadership announced earlier last year that absolute poverty had been eradicated in the world ' s most populous country , Kelapile noted .
Kelapile指出，政府领导层去年早些时候宣布，这个世界上人口最多的国家已经消除了绝对贫困。
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last year that extreme poverty had been eradicated in the world ' s most populous country , Kelapile noted .
凯拉皮尔指出，中国领导人去年早些时候宣布，这个世界上人口最多的国家已经消除了极端贫困。

