#0.0:
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Wang Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .
上海混沌投资集团（Shanghai Chaos Investment Group）的研究主管王静（音译）表示，随着未来几年全球新能源汽车销量的预期增长，对动力电池（新能源汽车的关键部件）的需求显而易见。
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Zhang Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .
上海混沌投资集团（Shanghai Chaos Investment Group）的研究主管张静表示，随着未来几年全球新能源汽车销售的预期繁荣，显然需要动力电池——新能源汽车的关键部件。

#2.0:
With an anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Wang Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .
上海混沌投资集团（Shanghai Chaos Investment Group）的研究主管王静表示，预计未来几年全球新能源汽车的销量将大幅增长，因此对动力电池——新能源汽车关键部件——的需求显而易见。
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Liu Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .
上海混沌投资集团（Shanghai Chaos Investment Group）的研究主管刘静（音）表示，随着未来几年全球新能源汽车销量的预期增长，对动力电池的需求显而易见，动力电池是新能源汽车的关键部件。

#5.0:
Customs figures showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .
海关数据显示，第一季度中国对欧洲的太阳能组件出口增长至16.7 GW，比2021同期的6.8 GW增长145%。
Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 7 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .
海关数据显示，中国第一季度对欧洲的太阳能组件出口增长至7.7 GW，比2021同期的6.8 GW增长145%。

#24.0:
If customers are buying fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
如果客户购买的产品减少，公司就不会下新订单，这将影响工厂产量。
If consumers are buying fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
如果消费者购买的产品越来越少，企业就不会下新订单，这将对工厂产出造成压力。

#25.0:
If workers are buying fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
如果工人购买的产品减少，公司就不会下新订单，这将影响工厂产量。
If people are buying fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
如果人们购买的产品越来越少，公司就不会下新订单，这将影响工厂产量。

#26.0:
When customers are buying fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
当客户购买的产品减少时，公司不会下新订单，这将影响工厂产量。
If customers are purchasing fewer products , companies wo n ' t place new orders , which will weigh on factory output .
如果客户购买的产品减少，公司就不会下新订单，这将影响工厂产量。

#30.0:
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
CBIRC的一位身份不明的官员周日表示，预计到8月底将完成3200亿元的总配额分配。
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan should be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
CBIRC的一位身份不明的官员周日表示，预计3200亿元的总配额分配应在8月底前完成。

#31.0:
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan would be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
CBIRC一名身份不明的官员周日表示，预计到8月底将完成3200亿元的总配额分配。
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan could be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
CBIRC一名身份不明的官员周日表示，预计到8月底，总计3200亿元的配额分配将完成。

#32.0:
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CIRC on Sunday .
中国保监会一名身份不明的官员周日表示，预计到8月底将完成3200亿元的总配额分配。
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed before the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
CBIRC的一位身份不明的官员周日表示，预计3200亿元的总配额分配将在8月底前完成。

#37.0:
Whether the United States is in a recession today or not is largely a semantic debate .
美国今天是否陷入衰退在很大程度上是一场语义辩论。
Whether the United States is facing a recession now or not is largely a semantic debate .
美国现在是否面临衰退在很大程度上是一场语义辩论。

#38.0:
Whether the United States is in a recession now or not remains largely a semantic debate .
美国现在是否陷入衰退在很大程度上仍然是一场语义辩论。
Whether the United States is experiencing a recession now or not is largely a semantic debate .
美国现在是否正在经历衰退在很大程度上是一场语义辩论。

#40.0:
India has decided to stop the export of all vaccines , preventing SII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere .
印度已决定停止所有疫苗的出口，防止SII履行其在其他地方的承诺。
India then decided to stop the export of all vaccines , preventing CII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere .
随后，印度决定停止所有疫苗的出口，阻止CII履行其在其他地方的承诺。

#41.0:
India then decided to stop the export of all vaccines , preventing JII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere .
印度随后决定停止所有疫苗的出口，阻止JII履行其在其他地方的承诺。
China then decided to stop the export of all vaccines , preventing SII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere .
随后，中国决定停止所有疫苗的出口，防止SII履行其在其他地方的承诺。

#42.0:
For oil companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对于石油公司来说，CCU不仅将扩大自己的业务，而且还将帮助它们实现长期可持续发展。
For small companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对于小公司来说，CCU不仅可以扩大自己的业务，而且可以帮助它们实现长期可持续发展。

#43.0:
For oil companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them remain sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对于石油公司来说，CCU不仅将扩大自己的业务，而且还将帮助它们保持长期可持续性。
For many companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对许多公司来说，CCU不仅可以扩大自己的业务，而且可以帮助它们实现长期可持续发展。

#44.0:
For oil companies , CCUS will not only expand its own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对于石油公司来说，CCUS不仅将扩大自己的业务，而且还将帮助它们实现长期可持续发展。
For these companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
他说，对这些公司来说，CCU不仅将扩大自己的业务，而且还将帮助它们实现长期可持续发展。

#47.0:
SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 50 % of customers , he added .
另一方面，SaaS公司必须对50%的客户说不，他补充道。
SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 99 % of customers , she added .
另一方面，SaaS公司必须对99%的客户说不，她补充道。

#49.0:
" The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who owns a food business near New Delhi .
达加在新德里附近拥有一家食品公司，他说：“我家的长辈告诉我不要把钱扔掉。”。
" The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who runs a food business in New Delhi .
达加在新德里经营一家食品企业，他说：“我家的长辈告诉我不要把钱扔掉。”。

#50.0:
" The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who has a food business near New Delhi .
达加在新德里附近有一家食品公司，他说：“我家的长辈告诉我不要把钱扔掉。”。
" The elders in my family tell me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who runs a food business near New Delhi .
达加在新德里附近经营一家食品企业，他说：“我家的长辈告诉我不要把钱扔掉。”。

#52.0:
19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan for Didi ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing , respectively .
此外，监管机构还对滴滴董事长兼首席执行官程伟和总裁刘青分别处以个人罚款100万元。
19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Generali ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing , respectively .
在190亿美元的罚款中，监管机构还分别对通利董事长兼首席执行官程伟和总裁刘青处以个人罚款100万元。

#53.0:
19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Didi ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Zhang Qing , respectively .
此外，监管机构还对滴滴董事长兼首席执行官程伟和总裁张青分别处以个人罚款100万元。
19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Bayi ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing , respectively .
在190亿元罚款中，监管机构还分别对八一的董事长兼首席执行官程伟和总裁刘青处以个人罚款100万元。

#54.0:
Boeing suspended deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
在联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法提出担忧后，波音暂停了787飞机的交付。
Boeing stopped deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
在联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法提出担忧后，波音停止了787的交付。

#55.0:
Boeing halted deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
在联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法表示担忧后，波音停止了787飞机的交付。
Boeing delayed deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
在联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法表示担忧后，波音推迟了787的交付。

#56.0:
Boeing suspended deliveries of the 787 when the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
当联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法表示担忧时，波音暂停了787飞机的交付。
Boeing canceled deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
在联邦航空局对其拟议的检查方法表示担忧后，波音取消了787的交付。

#60.0:
The commercial caused a storm on social media , where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape .
这则广告在社交媒体上引发了一场风暴，包括各种名人在内的评论家抨击其含沙射影是在轻视强奸。
The commercial created a storm on social media , where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape .
这则广告在社交媒体上掀起了一场风暴，包括各种名人在内的评论家猛烈抨击该广告的含沙射影是在轻视强奸。

#61.0:
The commercial raised a storm on social media , where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape .
这则广告在社交媒体上掀起了一场风暴，包括各种名人在内的评论家抨击其影射是轻视强奸。
The commercial caused a storm on social media , where critics including various celebrities criticized its innuendo as making light of rape .
这则广告在社交媒体上引起了轩然大波，包括各种名人在内的评论家批评其影射是轻视强奸。

#64.0:
John McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns , which subtract the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .
富达国际（Fidelity International）全球首席投资官约翰·麦卡弗里（John McCaffery）表示，外国央行持有的美国国债不断减少，反映了人们对美国国债实际回报的担忧，这会降低通胀水平。
Andrew McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns , which subsume the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .
富达国际（Fidelity International）全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡弗里（Andrew McCaffery）表示，外国央行持有的美国国债不断减少，反映出人们对美国国债提供的真实回报（包括通胀水平）的担忧。

#65.0:
Andrew McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns , which subvert the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .
富达国际（Fidelity International）全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡弗里（Andrew McCaffery）表示，外国央行持有的美国国债不断减少，反映了人们对美国国债实际回报的担忧，这种担忧颠覆了通胀水平。
Andrew McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks raise concerns about the real returns , which subtract the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .
富达国际（Fidelity International）全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡弗里（Andrew McCaffery）表示，外国央行持有的美国国债不断减少，引发了人们对美国国债实际回报率的担忧，这会降低通胀水平。

#66.0:
When the Fed raises rates , it makes it more expensive for people and businesses to borrow money .
当美联储提高利率时，人们和企业借钱的成本会更高。
Because the Fed raises rates , it makes it more expensive for people and businesses to borrow money .
由于美联储提高了利率，人们和企业借钱的成本更高。

#67.0:
When the Fed increases rates , it makes it more expensive for people and businesses to borrow money .
当美联储加息时，人们和企业借钱的成本会更高。
When the Fed raises rates , it makes it more expensive for individuals and businesses to borrow money .
当美联储提高利率时，个人和企业借钱的成本会更高。

#69.0:
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
一位发言人说：“当我们担心卖家可能如何获得特定产品时，我们会定期要求提供发票、采购订单或其他采购证明。”。
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller might have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
“当我们担心卖家可能如何获得特定产品时，我们会定期要求提供发票、采购订单或其他采购证明，”一位发言人说。

#70.0:
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , or other proofs of sourcing if we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
“如果我们担心卖家可能如何获得特定产品，我们会定期要求提供发票、采购订单或其他采购证明，”一位发言人说。
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how the seller may have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
“当我们担心卖方可能如何获得特定产品时，我们会定期要求提供发票、采购订单或其他采购证明，”一位发言人说。

#71.0:
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , and other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
“当我们担心卖家可能如何获得特定产品时，我们会定期要求提供发票、采购订单和其他采购证明，”一位发言人说。
" We regularly request invoices , purchase orders , or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller could have obtained particular products , " a spokesperson said .
“当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时，我们会定期索要发票、采购订单或其他采购证明，”一位发言人说。

#72.0:
Layoffs have been ticking up in some industries , such as mortgage banking , fintech , construction and autos .
在一些行业，如抵押贷款银行、金融科技、建筑和汽车行业，裁员人数一直在增加。
Layoffs have been ticking up in some industries , such as mortgage banking , biotech , construction and autos .
在抵押贷款银行业、生物技术、建筑业和汽车业等一些行业，裁员人数一直在增加。

#73.0:
Layoffs have been ticking up in certain industries , such as mortgage banking , fintech , construction and autos .
在某些行业，如抵押贷款银行业、金融科技、建筑业和汽车业，裁员一直在增加。
Layoffs have been ticking up in some industries , such as mortgage banking , fintech , insurance and autos .
在一些行业，如抵押贷款银行、金融科技、保险和汽车行业，裁员人数一直在增加。

#74.0:
Layoffs have been ticking up in many industries , such as mortgage banking , fintech , construction and autos .
许多行业都在裁员，如抵押贷款银行、金融科技、建筑和汽车业。
Layoffs have been ticking up in some industries , such as mortgage banking , fintech , healthcare and autos .
在一些行业，如抵押贷款银行、金融科技、医疗保健和汽车行业，裁员人数一直在增加。

#76.0:
Shell is anticipating more growth , investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has had a presence for 128 years , the top company official said .
壳牌公司高级官员表示，该公司预计在中国将有更多的增长、投资和当地合作机会，该公司在中国已有128年的历史。
Shell is anticipating more growth , investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has maintained a presence for 128 years , a top company official said .
壳牌公司一位高级官员表示，壳牌预计在中国将有更多的增长、投资和当地合作机会，该公司在中国的业务已持续了128年。

#78.0:
Reindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions for research and development by Hong Kong companies in the Greater Bay Area .
在大湾区，香港公司要求为研究和开发提供税收折旧津贴或扣减的呼声高涨的背景下，重新工业化正在发生。
Deindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions for research and development by Hong Kong companies in the Greater Bay Area .
在大湾区，香港公司呼吁为研发提供税收折旧津贴或扣减的背景下，非工业化正在发生。

#79.0:
Reindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions from research and development by Hong Kong companies in the Greater Bay Area .
在大湾区香港公司要求从研究和开发中扣除税收折旧津贴或扣减的背景下，重新工业化正在发生。
Reindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions for research and development by Hong Kong firms in the Greater Bay Area .
在大湾区，香港公司要求为研究和开发提供税收折旧津贴或扣减的呼声高涨的背景下，重新工业化正在发生。

#80.0:
Overindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions for research and development by Hong Kong companies in the Greater Bay Area .
过度工业化是在大湾区的香港公司要求为研发提供税收折旧津贴或扣减的背景下发生的。
Reindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances or deductions for research and development by Hong Kong corporations in the Greater Bay Area .
在香港大湾区的企业要求为研发提供税收折旧津贴或扣减的背景下，重新工业化正在发生。

#81.0:
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
锁定产品是零售商在将其完全移除之前的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃行为的不断增加，他们越来越频繁地采取这种措施。
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to rise .
锁定一个产品是零售商在将其完全移除之前的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃案的持续上升，他们更频繁地采取这一措施。

#82.0:
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it entirely , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
锁定产品是零售商在完全移除产品之前的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃行为的不断增加，他们越来越频繁地采取这种措施。
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer may take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
锁定产品是零售商在将其全部移除之前可能采取的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃行为的不断增加，他们越来越频繁地采取这种措施。

#83.0:
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to grow .
锁定一个产品是零售商在将其完全移除之前的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃行为的持续增长，他们越来越频繁地采取这一措施。
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer can take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
锁定产品是零售商在完全移除产品之前可以采取的最后一步，商店表示，随着盗窃行为的不断增加，他们越来越频繁地采取这种措施。

#86.0:
The company has raised $ 2 million in seed funding to scale up production of their energy harvesting system .
该公司已经筹集了200万美元的种子资金，以扩大其能量收集系统的生产规模。
The company has raised $ 10 million in seed funding to scale up production of its energy harvesting system .
该公司已经筹集了1000万美元的种子资金，以扩大其能源收集系统的生产规模。

#88.0:
Domestic shipments of 3G mobile phones hit about 23 . 03 million units last month , jumping 16 . 3 percent from a year earlier and accounting for 82 . 2 percent of the total shipments .
上个月，国内3G手机出货量达到2303万部，同比增长16.3%，占总出货量的82。
Domestic shipments of 5G mobile phones hit about 23 . 03 million units last month , jumping 16 . 1 percent from a year earlier and accounting for 82 . 2 percent of the total shipments .
上个月，5G手机的国内出货量达到2303万部，同比增长16.1%，占总出货量的82.2%。

#91.0:
And finally , the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the July 6 attack on the US Capitol .
最后，传票要求巴尔向调查7月6日美国国会大厦袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信。
And second , the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol .
其次，传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国国会大厦袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信。

#92.0:
And third , the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol .
第三，传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国国会大厦袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信。
And finally , the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the Senate committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol .
最后，传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国国会山袭击事件的参议院委员会提供任何文件或通信。

#96.0:
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
由于莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间因乌克兰战争而发生的经济冲突不断升级，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating political conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
在莫斯科和布鲁塞尔因乌克兰战争而不断升级的政治冲突中，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。

#97.0:
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating diplomatic conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
由于莫斯科和布鲁塞尔因乌克兰战争而发生的外交冲突不断升级，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating military conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
由于莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间因乌克兰战争而不断升级的军事冲突，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。

#98.0:
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic dispute between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
由于莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间关于乌克兰战争的经济争端不断升级，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months following an escalating economic conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
在莫斯科和布鲁塞尔因乌克兰战争而引发的经济冲突不断升级之后，欧洲大陆几个月来一直在与供应短缺作斗争。

#100.0:
The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement on Saturday with immediate effect .
该品牌表示，它已自愿要求其所有媒体合作伙伴在周六立即停止播放该广告的变体。
The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to cease broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .
该品牌表示，已自愿要求其所有媒体合作伙伴从周六起立即停止播放该广告的变体。

#103.0:
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to focus so heavily on one manufacturer , a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options .
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择如此专注于一家制造商时，免疫联盟的一位发言人告诉CNN Business，它没有多少选择。
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely so heavily on one manufacturer , a Gavi spokesperson told Bloomberg Business it had few options .
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择如此严重地依赖一家制造商时，免疫联盟的一位发言人告诉彭博商业，它没有多少选择。

#105.0:
According to Shell , China has an estimated 2 , 400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .
据壳牌公司称，中国的碳储存容量估计为2400吨，具有巨大的地质潜力，仅次于美国。
According to Shell , China has an estimated 1 , 400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .
据壳牌公司称，中国的储存容量估计为1400吨，在储存碳方面具有巨大的地质潜力，仅次于美国。

#109.0:
Under Singapore ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据新加坡的股票市场规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股票。
Under China ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are allowed to sell their shares .
根据中国的股票市场规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能出售其股票。

#110.0:
Under China ' s stock market regulations , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据中国的股票市场规定，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股票。
Under China ' s stock market rules , individual shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据中国的股票市场规则，个人股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股票。

#112.0:
The additional $ 75 million would be to compensate the parents for the emotional and mental anguish they ' ve suffered over the last decade due to harassment from Jones and his followers .
另外7500万美元将用于补偿父母在过去十年中因琼斯及其追随者的骚扰而遭受的情感和精神痛苦。
The estimated $ 75 million would be to compensate the parents for the emotional and mental anguish they ' ve endured over the last decade due to harassment from Jones and his followers .
据估计，7500万美元将用于补偿这些父母在过去十年中因琼斯及其追随者的骚扰而遭受的情感和精神痛苦。

#115.0:
Representatives for Smartmatic did not respond to requests for comment about the subpoena until Friday .
直到周五，Smartmatic的代表才对有关传票的置评请求做出回应。
Representatives of Smartmatic did not respond to requests for comment about the subpoena on Friday .
周五，Smartmatic的代表没有回应就传票发表评论的请求。

#117.0:
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的预测，该集团最大的经济体德国可能在未来两年内损失2200亿欧元。
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next three years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的数据，该集团最大的经济体德国可能在未来三年内损失2200亿欧元。

#118.0:
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next five years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的数据，该集团最大的经济体德国可能在未来五年内损失2200亿欧元。
Germany , the bloc ' s largest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的预测，该集团最大的经济体德国可能在未来两年内损失2200亿欧元。

#119.0:
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion in the next two years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的预测，该集团最大的经济体德国可能在未来两年内损失2200亿欧元。
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next ten years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
根据德国最高经济预测机构的数据，该集团最大的经济体德国在未来十年可能会在这种情况下损失2200亿欧元。

#121.0:
See also : This week , Walmart slashed its profit outlook , warning that customers are changing their shopping habits .
另见：本周，沃尔玛大幅下调了利润预期，警告消费者正在改变他们的购物习惯。
See here : This week , Walmart changed its profit outlook , warning that customers are changing their shopping habits .
请看这里：本周，沃尔玛改变了利润前景，警告消费者正在改变他们的购物习惯。

#122.0:
See here : This week , Walmart slashed its profit outlook , warning that customers were changing their shopping habits .
请看这里：本周，沃尔玛大幅下调了利润预期，警告消费者正在改变他们的购物习惯。
See here : This week , Walmart revised its profit outlook , warning that customers are changing their shopping habits .
请看这里：本周，沃尔玛修改了利润前景，警告消费者正在改变他们的购物习惯。

#126.0:
" The Macao government has been very , very loathe to shut down the casinos , even when all other commercial activities have been instructed to close , " he added .
他补充说：“澳门政府非常非常不愿意关闭赌场，即使所有其他商业活动都已被指示关闭。”。
" The Macao government has been very , very loathe to shut down our casinos , even when all other commercial activities have been instructed to close , " he added .
“澳门政府非常非常不愿意关闭我们的赌场，即使所有其他商业活动都已被指示关闭，”他补充道。

#133.0:
" Both the UK and China have experienced unprecedented development in the offshore wind sector over the past few years and foresee more market opportunities in terms of business models and technology innovations , " said Zhang .
“过去几年中，英国和中国在海上风电领域都经历了前所未有的发展，预计在商业模式和技术创新方面会有更多的市场机会，”张说。
" Both the UK and China have witnessed unprecedented development in the offshore wind sector over the past few years and foresee more market opportunities in terms of business models and technology innovations , " said Zhang .
“在过去几年中，英国和中国海上风电行业都取得了前所未有的发展，预计在商业模式和技术创新方面会有更多的市场机会，”张说。

#136.0:
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less susceptible to the economy ' s troubles .
因此，对于求职者来说，尝试在不易受经济问题影响的公司找到工作是有道理的。
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs in companies that are less vulnerable to the economy ' s troubles .
因此，对于求职者来说，在不太容易受到经济问题影响的公司找工作是有道理的。

#137.0:
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs at companies that are less vulnerable to the economy ' s troubles .
因此，对于求职者来说，在不太容易受到经济问题影响的公司找工作是有道理的。
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less prone to the economy ' s troubles .
因此，对于求职者来说，尝试在不太容易陷入经济困境的公司找到工作是有道理的。

#139.0:
Hog price rose 2 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 22 . 6 yuan per kg .
从7月初开始，生猪价格上涨了2.3%，达到每公斤22.6元。
Hog price rose 1 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 2 . 6 yuan per kg .
从7月初开始，生猪价格上涨了1.3%，达到每公斤2.6元。

#152.0:
Anticipating the worst , the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last week conserve gas until next winter .
考虑到最坏的情况，欧盟委员会上周公布了应急计划，将天然气保存到明年冬天。
Anticipating the worst , the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan next week conserve gas for next winter .
预计到最坏的情况，欧盟委员会下周公布了其应急计划，为明年冬天节约天然气。

#154.0:
National Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .
中国国家网络空间管理局在一份声明中表示，该公司违反了中国的网络安全法、数据安全法和个人信息保护法。
The Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , computer security law , and personal information protection law .
中国网络空间管理局在一份声明中表示，该公司违反了中国的网络安全法、计算机安全法和个人信息保护法。

#155.0:
The Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , information security law , and personal information protection law .
中国网络空间管理局在一份声明中表示，该公司违反了中国的网络安全法、信息安全法和个人信息保护法。
State Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .
中国国家网络空间管理局在一份声明中表示，该公司违反了国家网络安全法、数据安全法和个人信息保护法。

#157.0:
In severe recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to stimulate the economy and restore consumers ' faith .
在严重衰退中，联邦刺激是刺激经济和恢复消费者信心的典型方式。
During most recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to stimulate the economy and restore consumers ' faith .
在大多数衰退期间，联邦刺激是刺激经济和恢复消费者信心的典型方式。

#158.0:
In recent recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to stimulate the economy and restore consumers ' faith .
在最近的衰退中，联邦刺激是刺激经济和恢复消费者信心的典型方式。
In most recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to boost the economy and restore consumers ' faith .
在大多数衰退中，联邦刺激是提振经济和恢复消费者信心的典型方式。

#161.0:
Regulators found that the employees opened deposit accounts , credit cards and lines of credit that had high interest rates and expensive fees that were passed on to the customer .
监管机构发现，这些员工开设了存款账户、信用卡和信用额度，利率高，费用昂贵，并转嫁给了客户。
Regulators found that the employees held deposit accounts , credit cards and lines of credit that carried high interest rates and expensive fees that were passed on to the customer .
监管机构发现，这些员工持有的存款账户、信用卡和信用额度利率高，费用昂贵，并转嫁给了客户。

#162.0:
Chinese renewable manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the European market as the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace fossil fuels , said analysts .
分析师表示，随着欧洲大陆计划更快地向清洁能源过渡以取代化石燃料，中国可再生能源制造商可能会看到来自欧洲市场的订单增加。
Chinese vehicle manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the European market as the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace fossil fuels , said analysts .
分析师表示，随着欧洲大陆计划加快向清洁能源的转型，以取代化石燃料，中国汽车制造商可能会看到来自欧洲市场的订单增加。

#164.0:
Chinese car manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the European market as the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace fossil fuels , said analysts .
分析师表示，随着欧洲大陆计划加快向清洁能源的转型，以取代化石燃料，中国汽车制造商可能会看到来自欧洲市场的订单增加。
Chinese renewable manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the European market because the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace fossil fuels , said analysts .
分析师表示，中国可再生能源制造商可能会看到来自欧洲市场的订单增加，因为欧洲大陆正计划加快向清洁能源的过渡，以取代化石燃料。

#171.0:
" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水充电，所以它们可以几乎无限期地延长寿命，”赵说。
" They are charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们由海洋充电，因此它们可以几乎无限期地延长寿命，”赵说。

#172.0:
" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao explained .
“它们被海水充电，所以它们几乎可以无限期地延长寿命，”赵解释道。
" They get charged by the sea , and they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水冲走，寿命几乎可以无限期延长，”赵说。

#173.0:
" They get charged by the sea , so they can last their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水冲走，所以它们的寿命几乎是无限期的，”赵说。
" They get charged by the sea , so it can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水充电，所以它几乎可以无限期地延长它们的寿命，”赵说。

#174.0:
But GDP does n ' t just turn negative on its own , and Thursday ' s data contains useful guidance for understanding a complex economic moment .
但GDP本身并不仅仅是负增长，周四的数据为理解一个复杂的经济时刻提供了有用的指导。
But money does n ' t just turn negative on its own , and Thursday ' s data contains useful guidance for understanding a complex economic moment .
但货币本身并不仅仅是负值，周四的数据为理解一个复杂的经济时刻提供了有用的指导。

#175.0:
But it does n ' t just turn negative on its own , and Thursday ' s data contains useful guidance for understanding a complex economic moment .
但它本身并不是消极的，周四的数据为理解一个复杂的经济时刻提供了有用的指导。
But GDP does n ' t just turn negative on its own , and Thursday ' s data contains valuable guidance for understanding a complex economic moment .
但GDP本身并不仅仅是负增长，周四的数据为理解一个复杂的经济时刻提供了宝贵的指导。

#177.0:
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns , Mathrubootham said that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .
Mathrubootham说，尽管一些本土独角兽体型庞大，但该国没有“全球科技巨头产品品牌”。
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns , Mathrubootham stated that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .
尽管一些本土独角兽体型庞大，Mathrubootham表示，该国没有“全球科技巨头产品品牌”。

#178.0:
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns , Kurubootham said that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .
尽管一些土生土长的独角兽体型庞大，库鲁布森表示，该国没有“全球科技巨头产品品牌”。
Despite the large size of some homegrown unicorns , Mathrubootham said that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .
Mathrubootham说，尽管一些本土独角兽体型庞大，但该国没有“全球科技巨头产品品牌”。

#180.0:
" India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world , " Bhatnagar told CNN Business .
“印度实际上拥有世界上最大的开发者社区之一，”Bhatnagar告诉CNN Business。
" Mumbai actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world , " Bhatnagar told CNN Business .
“孟买实际上拥有世界上最大的开发商社区之一，”Bhatnagar告诉CNN Business。

#184.0:
But a swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .
但她说，对他的迅速禁令表明，在这种环境下，中国的审查人员可能是多么敏感。
Even the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .
她说，即使是对他的迅速禁令也表明，在这种环境下，中国的审查人员可能是多么敏感。

#186.0:
The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted indicates " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩寒说，李彦宏的直播立即中断，这表明“中国政府在审查领域取得了进步”。
The fact that Liu ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted indicates " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩说，刘翔的直播立即中断，这表明“中国政府在审查领域取得了进步”。

#187.0:
The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted demonstrates " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩寒说，李彦宏的直播立即被中断，这表明“中国政府在审查领域取得了进步”。
The fact that Chen ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted indicates " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩寒说，陈的直播立即中断，这表明“中国政府在审查领域取得了进步”。

#188.0:
The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted shows " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩寒说，李彦宏的直播立即中断，这表明“中国政府在审查领域取得了进步”。
The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted highlighted " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
韩寒说，李彦宏的直播立即被中断，这突出了“中国政府在审查领域取得的进步”。

#189.0:
We ' ll be back to a place where it matters if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
我们会回到一个对你的家是否状况良好至关重要的地方，”弗拉安东尼说。
We ' ll be back to a place where it matters if the home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
我们会回到一个重要的地方，那里的房子是否状况良好，”弗拉安东尼说。

#190.0:
We ' ll be back to a place where it matters if our home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
如果我们的家状况良好，我们会回到一个重要的地方。
I ' ll be back to a place where it matters if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
我会回到一个对你的家是否状况良好很重要的地方，”弗拉坦尼说。

#191.0:
We ' ll be back to a place where it counts if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
如果你的家状况良好，我们会回到一个重要的地方。
We ' ll be back to a place where it matters if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni replied .
我们会回到一个对你的家是否状况良好很重要的地方，”弗拉坦尼回答。

#192.0:
But Li did n ' t show up for two livestreaming events that were scheduled for the following days .
但李娜没有出席接下来几天安排的两次直播活动。
But Li did n ' t show up to two livestreaming events that were scheduled for the following days .
但李娜在接下来的几天里没有出席两次直播活动。

#195.0:
While there may not be many big hit films in theaters over the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .
虽然在未来几周，影院里可能不会有太多热门电影上映，但仍然会有电影可看。
Although there may not be many big hit films in theaters over the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .
虽然在未来几周内，电影院里可能不会有很多热门电影上映，但仍然会有电影可看。

#197.0:
While there may not be many big hit films in theaters for the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .
虽然在接下来的几周里，电影院里可能不会有很多热门电影上映，但仍然会有电影可看。
While there may not be many big hit movies in theaters over the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .
虽然在未来几周，电影院里可能不会有很多热门电影上映，但仍然会有电影可看。

#198.0:
Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周：美国7月份的就业报告将被仔细审查，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。
Coming this week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
本周即将到来：美国7月就业报告将受到密切关注，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。

#199.0:
Coming next week : The US jobs report for September will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周：美国9月份的就业报告将被仔细审查，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。
Coming next week : The US jobs report for April will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周：将密切关注美国4月份的就业报告，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。

#200.0:
Coming next week : The US jobs report for March will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周即将到来：美国3月份的就业报告将被仔细审查，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。
Starting next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周开始：美国7月份的就业报告将被仔细审查，以寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据。

#201.0:
Domestic renewable manufacturers aim to ' actively grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
国内可再生能源制造商在看到订单增加、全球份额上升后，致力于“积极抓住机遇”
Domestic car manufacturers aim to ' actively grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
国内汽车制造商在看到订单增长、全球份额上升后，致力于“积极抓住机遇”

#202.0:
Domestic Chinese manufacturers aim to ' actively grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
中国国内制造商在看到订单增加、全球份额上升后，希望“积极抓住机遇”
Domestic renewable manufacturers aim to ' fully grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
国内可再生能源制造商在看到订单增长、全球份额上升后，力求“充分抓住机遇”

#203.0:
Domestic renewable manufacturers need to ' actively grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
国内可再生能源制造商在看到订单增加、全球份额上升后，需要“积极抓住机遇”
Domestic renewable manufacturers aim to ' better grasp the opportunities ' after witnessing rise in orders , global share
国内可再生能源制造商在看到订单增加、全球份额上升后，致力于“更好地抓住机遇”

#206.0:
Additionally , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .
此外，明阳还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一份协议备忘录，在海上风电领域开展合作。
Earlier , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of understanding in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .
早些时候，明阳还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一份谅解备忘录，在海上风电领域开展合作。

#209.0:
" They can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " but this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon .
“他们可以在深水中与机器人互动，”哈提卜说，“但这将是令人惊讶的，因为这将模拟在不同星球或不同月球上进行的任务。”。
" They can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet and different moon .
“他们可以在深水中与机器人互动，”哈提卜说，“这将是令人惊讶的，因为这将模拟在不同的星球和不同的月球上进行的任务。”。

#211.0:
So far , the bank has extended 5 . 3 billion yuan of loans to support the building of garbage and sewage treatment facilities in over 200 counties .
到目前为止，世行已发放53亿元贷款，支持200多个县的垃圾和污水处理设施建设。
So far , the bank has extended 3 . 3 billion yuan of loans to support the building of garbage and sewage treatment facilities in over 200 counties .
到目前为止，世行已经发放了33亿元贷款，支持200多个县的垃圾和污水处理设施建设。

#214.0:
In response , the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic .
作为回应，国际货币基金组织（IMF）警告称，澳门“过度依赖博彩业”，该组织称，博彩业在疫情期间受到关注。
In January , the International Monetary Fund spoke of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic .
今年1月，国际货币基金组织（IMF）谈到澳门“过度依赖博彩业”，该组织表示，博彩业在疫情期间受到关注。

#215.0:
In addition , the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic .
此外，国际货币基金组织（IMF）警告称，澳门“过度依赖博彩业”，该组织称，博彩业在疫情期间受到关注。
In January , the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it claimed had been brought into focus during the pandemic .
今年1月，国际货币基金组织（IMF）警告称，澳门“过度依赖博彩业”，并称博彩业在疫情期间受到关注。

#218.0:
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation , and last week almost bankrupted Germany ' s biggest gas exporter .
其结果是能源价格飙升，加剧了通货膨胀，上周德国最大的天然气出口国几乎破产。
The crisis has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation , and last week almost bankrupted Germany ' s biggest gas importer .
这场危机一直在推高能源价格，导致通货膨胀，上周德国最大的天然气进口国几乎破产。

#219.0:
" Every five years , these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said , adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward .
“每五年，这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会出现在危机爆发之前，”他说，并补充说，戏剧性的镇压往往会消失，或在之后变得更加严重。
" After five years , these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said , adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward .
“五年后，这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就出现在危机之前，”他说，并补充说，戏剧性的镇压往往会消失，或在危机之后减轻。

#221.0:
" Every five years , these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said , adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in intensity afterward .
他说：“每五年，这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就出现在危机之前。”他补充说，戏剧性的镇压往往会消失，或在之后减弱。
" Every five years , these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said , adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in magnitude afterward .
他说：“每五年，这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会出现在危机爆发前。”他补充说，戏剧性的镇压往往会消失，或者在之后规模会减小。

#225.0:
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge .
离我住的酒店往南大约160英里，我还有一半的全费。
This was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge .
这里离我住的酒店只有160英里，我还有一半的全费。

#226.0:
It was only about 160 miles south from our hotel and I still had half of a full charge .
它距离我们的酒店仅160英里，我仍然有一半的全额费用。
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel so I still had half of a full charge .
它离我住的酒店只有160英里，所以我还有一半的全费。

#227.0:
I was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge .
我离酒店往南只有160英里，而且我还有一半的全费。
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of the full charge .
离我住的酒店往南只有160英里，我还有一半的全额费用。

#229.0:
" In general , we do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to social taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我们确实看到在遵守社会禁忌和红线方面的不确定性水平不断上升，”他补充道。
" In general , I do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我确实看到在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面的不确定性不断增加，”他补充道。

#230.0:
" In general , we also see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总体而言，我们还看到，在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面，不确定性水平不断上升，”他补充道。
" In general , we do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " she added .
“总的来说，我们确实看到，在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面，不确定性水平不断上升，”她补充道。

#232.0:
They have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
全球再就业公司Challenger Gray&Christmas的高级副总裁安德鲁·查林格（Andrew Challengeer）说：“他们一直不愿放过任何人。”。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " says Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放过任何人，”全球再就业公司Challenger Gray&Christmas的高级副总裁安德鲁·查林格（Andrew Challengeer）说。

#233.0:
We have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
全球再就业公司Challenger Gray&Christmas的高级副总裁安德鲁·查林格（Andrew Challengeer）说：“我们一直不愿放过任何人。”。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , a vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放过任何人，”全球再就业公司Challenger Gray&Christmas的副总裁安德鲁·查林格（Andrew Challengeer）说。

#234.0:
Darshan Mehta , the managing director of Reliance Brands , said in a statement that the partnership was rooted in the " strong growth potential " of the Pret brand and India ' s food and beverage industry .
Reliance Brands董事总经理Darshan Mehta在一份声明中表示，该合作关系植根于Pret品牌和印度食品饮料行业的“强劲增长潜力”。
Kishan Mehta , the managing director of Reliance Brands , said in a statement that the partnership was rooted in the " strong growth potential " of the Pret brand and India ' s food and beverage industry .
Reliance Brands董事总经理基尚·梅塔（Kishan Mehta）在一份声明中表示，该合作关系植根于Pret品牌和印度食品饮料行业的“强劲增长潜力”。

#241.0:
But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become reluctant to place new orders .
但近几个月来，他们意识到自己的东西太多了，尤其是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，他们变得不愿意下新订单。
But in recent months , they ' ve decided they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但在最近几个月，他们已经决定他们有太多的东西，尤其是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，并开始犹豫是否下新订单。

#242.0:
But in recent months , they ' ve found they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但近几个月来，他们发现自己的东西太多了，尤其是在制造商和消费者不确定的时刻，他们开始犹豫是否下新订单。
But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to make new orders .
但近几个月来，他们意识到自己的东西太多了，尤其是在制造商和消费者不确定的时刻，他们开始犹豫是否要下新订单。

#245.0:
1 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections .
由于787次交付延迟和客户让步而产生的10亿美元费用，以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的另外10亿美元的异常生产成本。
5 million charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections .
由于787次交货延迟和客户让步而产生的500万美元费用，以及因生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的10亿美元异常生产成本。

#253.0:
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station would enable astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉装置将使宇航员能够与机器人互动。
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station will allow astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉装置将允许宇航员与机器人互动。

#257.0:
Crime bosses often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .
犯罪头目经常从商店偷取产品，这些产品可以在亚马逊等在线市场或通过其他非法市场轻松快速地转售。
Crime groups often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .
犯罪集团经常从商店盗窃产品，这些产品可以在亚马逊等在线市场或通过其他非法市场轻松快速地转售。

#259.0:
So too , do workers in electronics and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .
电子和照明行业以及家用电器和消费电子行业的工人也是如此。
So too , do workers in furniture and lighting , as well as household appliance and home electronics industries .
家具和照明行业以及家用电器和家用电子行业的工人也是如此。

#260.0:
So too , do workers in heating and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .
供暖和照明行业以及家用电器和消费电子行业的工人也是如此。
So far , do workers in furniture and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .
到目前为止，家具和照明行业以及家用电器和消费电子行业的工人也是如此。

#265.0:
Known as SeaOneK , the robot allows its operators to feel like they ' re underwater explorers , too .
这种机器人被称为SeaOneK，它让操作者感觉自己也是水下探险家。
Known as OceanOneK , the robot allows its operators to feel like they ' re marine explorers , too .
这种机器人被称为OceanOneK，它能让操作者感觉自己也是海洋探险家。

#266.0:
Known as OceanOneK , the robot allows its operators to feel like they ' re ocean explorers , too .
这种机器人被称为OceanOneK，它能让操作者感觉自己也是海洋探险家。
Known as DeepOneK , the robot allows its operators to feel like they ' re underwater explorers , too .
这种机器人被称为DeepOneK，它让操作者感觉自己也是水下探险家。

#267.0:
Bhatnagar of Sequoia Capital said that Indian software entrepreneurs " mastered " the art of " remote sales " fairly early .
红杉资本的Bhatnagar说，印度软件企业家很早就“掌握”了“远程销售”的艺术。
Bhatnagar of Sequoia Capital said that Indian software entrepreneurs " mastered " the art of " remote sales " relatively early .
红杉资本的Bhatnagar说，印度软件企业家相对较早地“掌握”了“远程销售”的艺术。

#272.0:
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Qiying , chairman and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳董事长兼首席技术官张启英表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲清洁能源行业的应用仍有广阔的空间。
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Xiaoying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳集团总裁兼首席技术官张晓颖表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲清洁能源行业的应用仍有广阔的空间。

#274.0:
A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India , as critics said it made light of gang rape .
一个男性身体喷雾的电视广告已经在印度停播，因为批评者说它轻视了轮奸。
A television commercial for a male body spray had been taken off the air in India , after critics said it made light of gang rape .
一则男性身体喷雾的电视广告在印度被取消播出，此前批评人士称该广告轻视了轮奸。

#276.0:
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高管那里收到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对这项业务更加乐观。
" I ' m receiving LinkedIn messages " from senior executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我收到了来自印度高级管理人员的LinkedIn信息”，他们现在对业务更加乐观。

#277.0:
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from top executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我收到了来自印度高管的LinkedIn信息”，他们现在对这项业务更加乐观。
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior managers in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高级管理人员那里得到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对业务更加乐观。

#278.0:
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from Microsoft executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我收到了来自印度微软高管的LinkedIn消息”，他们现在对业务更加乐观。
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from Google executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我收到了来自印度谷歌高管的LinkedIn消息”，他们现在对这项业务更加乐观。

#279.0:
Also , with the lack of films hitting theaters , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Minions : The Rise of Gru " can continue to rack up ticket sales .
此外，由于影院没有上映的电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《壮志凌云：特立独行》和《小喽罗：格鲁派的崛起》可以继续推高票房。
Also , with the lack of films hitting theaters , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Minions : The Rise of Gru " can continue to pick up ticket sales .
此外，由于影院没有上映的电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《大炮：特立独行》和《小兵：Gru的崛起》可以继续提振票房。

#280.0:
However , with the lack of films hitting theaters , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Minions : The Rise of Gru " can continue to rack up ticket sales .
然而，由于缺少上映的电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《壮志凌云：特立独行》和《小兵：格鲁的崛起》可以继续提高票房。
Also , with the lack of films hitting theatres , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Minions : The Rise of Gru " can continue to rack up ticket sales .
此外，由于影院没有上映电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《壮志凌云：特立独行》和《小兵：Gru的崛起》可以继续推高票房。

#281.0:
Also , with the lack of films hitting theaters , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Goons : The Rise of Gru " can continue to rack up ticket sales .
此外，由于影院没有上映的电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《大炮：特立独行》和《暴徒：Gru的崛起》可以继续提高票房。
Also , with the lack of movies hitting theaters , this summer ' s hits like " Top Gun : Maverick " and " Minions : The Rise of Gru " can continue to rack up ticket sales .
此外，由于影院没有上映电影，今年夏天的热门电影如《壮志凌云：特立独行》和《小兵：Gru的崛起》可以继续提高票房。

#287.0:
By 2021 , it has delivered 484 , 130 units of cars , an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier , accounting for 51 . 7 percent of Tesla ' s global production capacity .
到2021，它已经交付了484130辆汽车，比一年前增长了235%，占特斯拉全球生产能力的51.7%。
In 2021 , it has delivered 484 , 130 units of cars , an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier , accounting for 51 . 4 percent of Tesla ' s global production capacity .
2021，该公司已交付484130辆汽车，比上年增长235%，占特斯拉全球产能的51.4%。

#295.0:
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings will help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国减持美国债务将有助于该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定，减少对美元储备的依赖。
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on foreign reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国减持美国债务可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定，减少对外汇储备的依赖。

#297.0:
He also noticed rising interest among Indian developers and other professionals in joining the crypto industry .
他还注意到印度开发商和其他专业人士对加入加密行业的兴趣不断上升。
He had noticed rising interest among Indian developers and other professionals in joining the crypto industry .
他注意到印度开发商和其他专业人士对加入加密行业的兴趣日益高涨。

