The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted shows " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .;-cmp-;The fact that Li ' s livestreaming was immediately interrupted indicates " the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship , " Han said .
" The elders in my family warned me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who runs a food business near New Delhi .;-cmp-;" The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away , " said Daga , who runs a food business near New Delhi .
See here : This week , Walmart slashed its profit outlook , warning that customers were changing their shopping habits .;-cmp-;See here : This week , Walmart slashed its profit outlook , warning that customers are changing their shopping habits .
The brand said it has voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .;-cmp-;The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .
The brand announced it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .;-cmp-;The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .
The company has raised $ 3 million in seed funding to scale up production of its energy harvesting system .;-cmp-;The company has raised $ 2 million in seed funding to scale up production of its energy harvesting system .
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services , an increase of 160 million since last year , Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during a conference call with analysts Thursday .;-cmp-;The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services , an increase of 160 million since last year , Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday .
Whether the United States is in a recession now or not remains largely a semantic debate .;-cmp-;Whether the United States is in a recession now or not is largely a semantic debate .
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings will help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .;-cmp-;China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
Investors are excited about SaaS because of the " rapid adoption " of software over the last decade , according to Mohit Bhatnagar , managing director of Sequoia Capital India .;-cmp-;Investors are excited about SaaS because of the " massive adoption " of software over the last decade , according to Mohit Bhatnagar , managing director of Sequoia Capital India .
Investors are excited about SaaS because of the " massive adoption " of software in the last decade , according to Mohit Bhatnagar , managing director of Sequoia Capital India .;-cmp-;Investors are excited about SaaS because of the " massive adoption " of software over the last decade , according to Mohit Bhatnagar , managing director of Sequoia Capital India .
Bhatnagar of Sequoia Capital said that Indian software entrepreneurs " mastered " the art of " remote sales " very early .;-cmp-;Bhatnagar of Sequoia Capital said that Indian software entrepreneurs " mastered " the art of " remote sales " fairly early .
The goal is to avoid employers that offer products and services that cautious customers might elect to forgo or postpone .;-cmp-;The key is to avoid employers that offer products and services that cautious customers might elect to forgo or postpone .
Regulators found that the employees opened deposit accounts , bank cards and lines of credit that carried high interest rates and expensive fees that were passed on to the customer .;-cmp-;Regulators found that the employees opened deposit accounts , credit cards and lines of credit that carried high interest rates and expensive fees that were passed on to the customer .
So too , do workers in electronics and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .;-cmp-;So too , do workers in furniture and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from manufacturing flaws and related repairs and inspections .;-cmp-;5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections .
5 million charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections .;-cmp-;5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions , and another $ 1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections .
While having fewer workers at the store increased profits for chains in recent decades , it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting , crime prevention experts say .;-cmp-;While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades , it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting , crime prevention experts say .
Crime groups often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .;-cmp-;Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .
Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 8 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .;-cmp-;Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .
Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 7 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .;-cmp-;Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .
Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe in the first quarter rose to 16 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .;-cmp-;Customs data showed China ' s exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16 . 7 GW , 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6 . 8 GW .
Nobody was sure how long the vaccine would take to develop , let alone whether it would even work .;-cmp-;Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to develop , let alone whether it would even work .
Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to develop , let alone if it would even work .;-cmp-;Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to develop , let alone whether it would even work .
19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Didi ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Zhang Qing , respectively .;-cmp-;19 billion penalty , the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Didi ' s chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing , respectively .
Moreover , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .;-cmp-;Earlier , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .
Further , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .;-cmp-;Earlier , Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom ' s Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector .
In recent weeks , top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry and pledged to support tech companies which seek to list in overseas markets .;-cmp-;In recent weeks , top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry and pledged to support tech companies that seek to list in overseas markets .
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Xiaoying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .;-cmp-;There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Qiying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
Europe had already managed to whittle down Russia ' s share of its gas supply from 40 % last year to just 20 % in June , according to economics think tank Bruegel .;-cmp-;Europe has already managed to whittle down Russia ' s share of its gas supply from 40 % last year to just 20 % in June , according to economics think tank Bruegel .
According to Shell , China has an estimated 2 , 200 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .;-cmp-;According to Shell , China has an estimated 2 , 400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .
Overall , the growth in employers ' compensation costs moderated somewhat in the second quarter , coming in at 1 .;-cmp-;Overall , the growth in employers ' compensation costs moderated slightly in the second quarter , coming in at 1 .
Overall , the growth in employers ' compensation costs moderated slightly in the third quarter , coming in at 1 .;-cmp-;Overall , the growth in employers ' compensation costs moderated slightly in the second quarter , coming in at 1 .
When asked why the global vaccine alliance continued to rely so heavily on one manufacturer , a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options .;-cmp-;When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely so heavily on one manufacturer , a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options .
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns , Arubootham said that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .;-cmp-;Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns , Mathrubootham said that the country does not have a " global tech powerhouse product brand .
So also , do workers in furniture and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .;-cmp-;So too , do workers in furniture and lighting , as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries .
It seeks to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech , but it wants to also address concerns regarding cryptocurrency .;-cmp-;It wants to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech , but it wants to also address concerns regarding cryptocurrency .
Should the recession arrive , inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central bank .;-cmp-;Should a recession arrive , inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central bank .
Should a recession arrive , inflation might ease without requiring much further intervention from the central bank .;-cmp-;Should a recession arrive , inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central bank .
Shell is anticipating further growth , investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has had a presence for 128 years , a top company official said .;-cmp-;Shell is anticipating more growth , investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has had a presence for 128 years , a top company official said .
At the peak the country was reporting over 400 , 000 cases per day , though experts say the actual number was likely much higher .;-cmp-;At its peak the country was reporting over 400 , 000 cases per day , though experts say the actual number was likely much higher .
In the United States , inflation has held steady at around 4 % a year for the better part of four decades .;-cmp-;In the United States , inflation has held steady at around 2 % a year for the better part of four decades .
An attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andino Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday .;-cmp-;The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andino Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday .
During most recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to stimulate the economy and restore consumers ' faith .;-cmp-;In most recessions , federal stimulus is a typical way to stimulate the economy and restore consumers ' faith .
Four years later , officials around the country said there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting .;-cmp-;Three years later , officials around the country said there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting .
SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 80 % of customers , he added .;-cmp-;SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 99 % of customers , he added .
SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 50 % of customers , he added .;-cmp-;SaaS companies , on the other hand , have to say no to 99 % of customers , he added .
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation , and last week almost bankrupted Germany ' s biggest gas exporter .;-cmp-;The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation , and last week almost bankrupted Germany ' s biggest gas importer .
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " says Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .;-cmp-;Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
In response , the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic .;-cmp-;In January , the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao ' s " overreliance on the gaming sector , " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic .
But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially in an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .;-cmp-;But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
But this swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .;-cmp-;But the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .
But the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors may be in this environment , she said .;-cmp-;But the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .
" We ' ve known from the beginning that the investment required to create this would be substantial , " he says , adding that the company has recently secured further investment .;-cmp-;" We ' ve known from the beginning that the investment needed to create this would be substantial , " he says , adding that the company has recently secured further investment .
Because of that , he argues , people mostly do n ' t expect recent inflation of around 5 % to stick around .;-cmp-;Because of that , he argues , people mostly do n ' t expect recent inflation of around 9 % to stick around .
Hog price rose 1 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 2 . 6 yuan per kg .;-cmp-;Hog price rose 1 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 22 . 6 yuan per kg .
Hog price rose 1 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 1 . 6 yuan per kg .;-cmp-;Hog price rose 1 . 3 percent from early July to came in at 22 . 6 yuan per kg .
Five years later , officials around the country said there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting .;-cmp-;Three years later , officials around the country said there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting .
The Cyberspace Administration of China stated in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .;-cmp-;The Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .
Starting next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .;-cmp-;Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
The company cut deliveries again to just 2 % of the pipeline ' s capacity last week , citing maintenance work .;-cmp-;The company cut deliveries again to just 20 % of the pipeline ' s capacity last week , citing maintenance work .
Domestic shipments of 5G mobile phones hit about 23 . 03 million units last month , jumping 16 . 1 percent from a year earlier and accounting for 82 . 2 percent of the total shipments .;-cmp-;Domestic shipments of 5G mobile phones hit about 23 . 03 million units last month , jumping 16 . 3 percent from a year earlier and accounting for 82 . 2 percent of the total shipments .
" We saw how software was created at these global companies , and we saw API was a key problem , " Anthana told CNN Business .;-cmp-;" We saw how software was created at these global companies , and we saw API was a key problem , " Asthana told CNN Business .
" Both the UK and China have witnessed unprecedented development in the offshore wind sector over the past few years and foresee more market opportunities in terms of business models and technology innovations , " said Zhang .;-cmp-;" Both the UK and China have seen unprecedented development in the offshore wind sector over the past few years and foresee more market opportunities in terms of business models and technology innovations , " said Zhang .
" You can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon .;-cmp-;" They can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon .
" They can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet and different moon .;-cmp-;" They can interact with the robot deep in the water , " Khatib said , " and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon .
Darshan Mehta , the managing director of Reliance Brands , stated in a statement that the partnership was rooted in the " strong growth potential " of the Pret brand and India ' s food and beverage industry .;-cmp-;Darshan Mehta , the managing director of Reliance Brands , said in a statement that the partnership was rooted in the " strong growth potential " of the Pret brand and India ' s food and beverage industry .
Since coming into power in 2012 , Chinese leader Xi Jinping has called for the " great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation .;-cmp-;Since coming to power in 2012 , Chinese leader Xi Jinping has called for the " great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation .
Andrew McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks raise concerns about the real returns , which subtract the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .;-cmp-;Andrew McCaffery , global chief investment officer of Fidelity International , said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns , which subtract the level of inflation , provided by US Treasuries .
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer can take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .;-cmp-;Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andino Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing after the end of court proceedings on Friday .;-cmp-;The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andino Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday .
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andrade Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday .;-cmp-;The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case , Federico Andino Reynal , made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday .
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores which can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .;-cmp-;Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets .
Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next five years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .;-cmp-;Germany , the bloc ' s biggest economy , could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event , according to its top economic forecasters .
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs in companies that are less vulnerable to the economy ' s troubles .;-cmp-;It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy ' s troubles .
State Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .;-cmp-;The Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement that the firm had breached the country ' s cybersecurity law , data security law , and personal information protection law .
The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement on Saturday with immediate effect .;-cmp-;The brand said it had voluntarily asked all its media partners to stop broadcasting variations of the advertisement from Saturday with immediate effect .
So far , the bank has extended 5 . 3 billion yuan of loans to support the building of garbage and sewage treatment facilities in over 200 counties .;-cmp-;So far , the bank has extended 100 . 3 billion yuan of loans to support the building of garbage and sewage treatment facilities in over 200 counties .
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades , it has left chains in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting , crime prevention experts say .;-cmp-;While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades , it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting , crime prevention experts say .
" Mumbai actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world , " Bhatnagar told CNN Business .;-cmp-;" India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world , " Bhatnagar told CNN Business .
" They are charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .;-cmp-;" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to grow .;-cmp-;Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether , and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase .
This was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge .;-cmp-;It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge .
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic dispute between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .;-cmp-;The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic conflict between Moscow and Brussels over the war in Ukraine .
Even the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .;-cmp-;But the swift ban on him indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment , she said .
Though there may not be many big hit films in theaters over the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .;-cmp-;While there may not be many big hit films in theaters over the next few weeks , there will still be movies to go see .
Boeing suspended deliveries of the 787 when the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .;-cmp-;Boeing suspended deliveries of the 787 after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed inspection method .
A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India , after activists said it made light of gang rape .;-cmp-;A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India , after critics said it made light of gang rape .
I ' ll be back to a place where it matters if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .;-cmp-;We ' ll be back to a place where it matters if your home is in good shape , " Fratantoni said .
For many companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .;-cmp-;For oil companies , CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run , he said .
" In general , we also see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .;-cmp-;" In general , we do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
Because the Fed raises rates , it makes it more expensive for people and businesses to borrow money .;-cmp-;When the Fed raises rates , it makes it more expensive for people and businesses to borrow money .
According to Shell , China has an estimated 1 , 400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .;-cmp-;According to Shell , China has an estimated 2 , 400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for storing carbon , second only to the United States .
It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less susceptible to the economy ' s troubles .;-cmp-;It makes sense , therefore , for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy ' s troubles .
Coming next week : The US jobs report for April will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .;-cmp-;Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
Coming this week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .;-cmp-;Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
" They get charged by the sea , so they can last their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .;-cmp-;" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed before the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .;-cmp-;It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed by the end of August , said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday .
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Zhang Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .;-cmp-;With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years , said Wang Jing , a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group , the need for power batteries － a key component of NEVs － is apparent .
A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India , as critics said it made light of gang rape .;-cmp-;A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India , after critics said it made light of gang rape .
