The ruins sit in Turpan , Northwest China ' s Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region , and cover 37 . 3 hectares .;-cmp-;The ruins sit in Turpan , Northwest China ' s Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region , and cover 37 . 6 hectares .
Such equipment was particularly useful during the California Gold Rush of the late 1840s and 1850s .;-cmp-;Such help was particularly useful during the California Gold Rush of the late 1840s and 1850s .
It ' s a kind of folk art which was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .;-cmp-;It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
The painting , created by artist Wang Zhijie in Foshan , Guangdong province , portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou , and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series .;-cmp-;The painting , created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan , Guangdong province , portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou , and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series .
This project , designed by SYN Architects , pays tribute to the village ' s long history in advanced agriculture , and blends itself smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural views .;-cmp-;The project , designed by SYN Architects , pays tribute to the village ' s long history in advanced agriculture , and blends itself smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural views .
When Yuan Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent in the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .;-cmp-;When Yuan Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
Inaugurated in December 2016 , Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China ' s most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras , composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from five continents .;-cmp-;Inaugurated in December 2016 , Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China ' s most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras , composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents .
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 15 to 20 .;-cmp-;he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20 .
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 14 to 20 .;-cmp-;he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20 .
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 11 to 20 .;-cmp-;he 12th Beijing International Film Festival , which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years , will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20 .
Until that day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .;-cmp-;Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
After the outline of the paintings are done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .;-cmp-;When the outline of the paintings are done , the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color them .
The officials of the university plan to cancel the specialty of anthropology due to a lack of students .;-cmp-;The leaders of the university plan to cancel the specialty of anthropology due to a lack of students .
However , despite being " open to understanding " , China through the books did little to prepare him for China in reality .;-cmp-;However , despite being " open to understanding " , China in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality .
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the tenth anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .;-cmp-;Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .;-cmp-;Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed , including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake , which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People ' s Republic of China .
As the sun set on a hot summer afternoon this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .;-cmp-;As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language from Africa to history , geology or paleontology , " he says .;-cmp-;What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language in Africa to history , geology or paleontology , " he says .
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school , Wang Nan reports .;-cmp-;Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school , Chen Nan reports .
I finally got her in the shower , dressed her hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time .;-cmp-;I finally got her into the shower , dressed her hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time .
My daughter turned to look at me for a second and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . ";-cmp-;My daughter turned to look at me for a minute and muttered , partly in rebuke : " I want mommy . "
Many times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of their scenery for her reference .;-cmp-;Many times , to provide inspiration for her painting , Jiang ' s grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference .
When another student , Lin Zihan , plays the first movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 4 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .;-cmp-;When another student , Lin Zihan , plays the first movement of Beethoven ' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3 , Lang stands by the piano , demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head .
Not quite a healthy lunch for a growing kid , but that was the food she wanted and , like a lot of parents , that was the path of least resistance .;-cmp-;Not exactly a healthy lunch for a growing kid , but that was the food she wanted and , like a lot of parents , that was the path of least resistance .
And up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .;-cmp-;Because up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .
Before painting , the artists have to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .;-cmp-;Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency from his office , Goodman detailed China ' s transformation over the last several decades and shared his thoughts on China ' s development based on his personal experience .;-cmp-;In an interview with Xinhua News Agency from his office , Goodman detailed China ' s transformation over the last several decades and shared his views on China ' s development based on his personal experience .
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency from his office , Goodman detailed China ' s transformation over the last two decades and shared his views on China ' s development based on his personal experience .;-cmp-;In an interview with Xinhua News Agency from his office , Goodman detailed China ' s transformation over the last several decades and shared his views on China ' s development based on his personal experience .
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe upon graduation .;-cmp-;Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
Thus , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .;-cmp-;Hence , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .
Therefore , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .;-cmp-;Hence , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .
Hence , when the paintings were first circulated over the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .;-cmp-;Hence , when the paintings were first circulated on the internet , they were given the nickname " Nucleic Acid Testing on the River " .
Because up until that point , I had wanted to be a political scientist who worked on China in social sciences .;-cmp-;Because up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .
She had flown to Hong Kong four days earlier on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city ' s return to China .;-cmp-;She had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city ' s return to China .
But up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .;-cmp-;Because up until that point , I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences .
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , suggested by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .;-cmp-;" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he stated .;-cmp-;" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
The US and some other Western countries have been intervening in other countries ' domestic affairs and even use military force , posing great threat to global peace , he said .;-cmp-;The US and some other Western countries have been intervening in other countries ' domestic affairs and even use military force , posing great threat to world peace , he said .
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age , he became a docent in the NMC more than 10 years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .;-cmp-;Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age , he became a docent at the NMC more than 10 years ago after graduating from university , where he majored in computer science .
From plants and flowers to scenes of people working on the farm and children playing , the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside .;-cmp-;From animals and flowers to scenes of people working on the farm and children playing , the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside .
From trees and flowers to scenes of people working on the farm and children playing , the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside .;-cmp-;From animals and flowers to scenes of people working on the farm and children playing , the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside .
From 2019 to May 2022 , Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer these questions from scientific perspectives , which have been published recently as a book , Qiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press .;-cmp-;From 2019 to May 2022 , Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer these questions from scientific perspectives , which have been published recently as a book , Jiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press .
From 2019 to April 2022 , Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer these questions from scientific perspectives , which have been published recently as a book , Jiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press .;-cmp-;From 2019 to May 2022 , Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer these questions from scientific perspectives , which have been published recently as a book , Jiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press .
To learn a piece of work , they must first make a sample on A4 paper , tell the instructor about the ideas , and then perfect it according to the instructor ' s advice .;-cmp-;To create a piece of work , they must first make a sample on A4 paper , tell the instructor about the ideas , and then perfect it according to the instructor ' s advice .
Some folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting at temples but also painting for people in villages .;-cmp-;Some folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
" Computer science trained me with rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .;-cmp-;" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
" For various reasons , I was n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to spell my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . ";-cmp-;" For various reasons , I was n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to write my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . "
" For various reasons , I do n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to write my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . ";-cmp-;" For various reasons , I was n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to write my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . "
" For various reasons , I am n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to write my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . ";-cmp-;" For various reasons , I was n ' t able to go to school , and I do n ' t even know how to write my own name , but now I ' m called a ' painter ' , and I ' m just very happy about that . "
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s young choreographers . ";-cmp-;" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s objective because it ' s already part of the 2030 Agenda . ";-cmp-;" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s objective and it ' s already part of the 2030 Agenda . "
" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s priority and it ' s already part of the 2030 Agenda . ";-cmp-;" The goal of eradicating poverty is everybody ' s objective and it ' s already part of the 2030 Agenda . "
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and told a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .;-cmp-;" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
" It ' s something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us will learn from that achievement . ";-cmp-;" It ' s something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement . "
" Medical science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .;-cmp-;" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Zhang Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .;-cmp-;" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Zhu Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
An exhibition called Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15 .;-cmp-;An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15 .
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on May 15 and will last until September 15 .;-cmp-;An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15 .
In 2019 , Xiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese traditional culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .;-cmp-;In 2019 , Xiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
In 2019 , Jiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .;-cmp-;In 2019 , Xiuzhou was named a " hometown of Chinese folk culture and art " by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism .
The show also featured classic arias from nine Western operas , such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet , La Traviata , also by Verdi , and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini .;-cmp-;The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas , such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet , La Traviata , also by Verdi , and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini .
Not exactly a healthy lunch for a growing kid , but that was the food they wanted and , like a lot of parents , that was the path of least resistance .;-cmp-;Not exactly a healthy lunch for a growing kid , but that was the food she wanted and , like a lot of parents , that was the path of least resistance .
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , given the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .;-cmp-;Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development , the themes of the times , amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide .
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Jiulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .;-cmp-;As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
Kangzhua literally means " paintings around bed " , with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect .;-cmp-;Kangweihua literally means " paintings around bed " , with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect .
From 2006 to 2017 , five rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .;-cmp-;From 2006 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
From 2011 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .;-cmp-;From 2006 to 2017 , four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan , according to Wang .
" Natural science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .;-cmp-;" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
" We have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .;-cmp-;" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
He had a very strong personality , even when he was a young man , and let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .;-cmp-;He had a very strong personality , even when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
Towards the end of the day , I would watch the news on TV , which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in Hong Kong .;-cmp-;At the end of the day , I would watch the news on TV , which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in Hong Kong .
" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Wang Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .;-cmp-;" They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time , " says Zhu Qinhua , an instructor from the district ' s cultural venue .
Most of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits that lay in the showcases of the museum .;-cmp-;Some of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits that lay in the showcases of the museum .
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but we want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . ";-cmp-;" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
She started to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .;-cmp-;She learned to paint , with her mother , when she was a child and now , at the age of 54 , she is still painting and trying to preserve the tradition .
During this pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .;-cmp-;During the pandemic , we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment , as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted .
When painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .;-cmp-;Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
So , the world has remained in a largely peaceful status for the past decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .;-cmp-;So , the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades , but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time , Xing said .
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Wuxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .;-cmp-;It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
" And here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . ";-cmp-;" Ten here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Fuxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .;-cmp-;It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Bian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .;-cmp-;It ' s a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian ' s hometown , Tongxin county , Northwest China ' s Ningxia Hui autonomous region , during the 1960s and ' 70s .
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so I did not have a repeat of July 1 .;-cmp-;I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have a repeat of July 1 .
To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in the apartment compound ' s pool maybe three or four times that week .;-cmp-;To make it up to my daughter , I would let her swim in the apartment compound ' s pool about three or four times that week .
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students noticed great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .;-cmp-;Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
If you take a trip around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .;-cmp-;If you take a walk around the exhibitions , you can find some key points concerning the moon , and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between .
They then perform the required measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .;-cmp-;They then perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple , clean lines before drafting sketches with black and white pencils .
After this , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .;-cmp-;After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
Some Buddhist artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .;-cmp-;Some folk artists tried to make a living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages .
" Ten here is just a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . ";-cmp-;" Ten here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
It was inspired by her own memories and took Tian over a week to finish .;-cmp-;It was inspired by her childhood memories and took Tian over a week to finish .
I finally got her into the shower , dried her hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time .;-cmp-;I finally got her into the shower , dressed her hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time .
" Ten here is simply a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . ";-cmp-;" Ten here is more a reference to ' perfection ' rather than a specific number , hence the name . "
I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have another repeat of July 1 .;-cmp-;I made sure to get a good night ' s sleep the rest of the week , so we did not have a repeat of July 1 .
Last year , a renovated granary rose in Wuxing , a village in Yiyang city in north of Chengdu , Sichuan province .;-cmp-;Last year , a renovated granary rose in Wuxing , a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu , Sichuan province .
" When the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hands .;-cmp-;" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hands .
Until one day , a security guard told me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .;-cmp-;Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Bulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .;-cmp-;As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody and waving his hands .;-cmp-;" As the waves move forward , the singing goes along smoothly , " he adds , humming the melody while waving his hands .
He had a very strong personality , from when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .;-cmp-;He had a very strong personality , even when he was a young man , or let ' s say , a little lion , Lang says .
