Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what could only be called a golden opportunity .;-cmp-;Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be called a golden opportunity .
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon get what can only be called a golden opportunity .;-cmp-;Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be called a golden opportunity .
The song takes inspiration from Prince and George Michael and incorporates funk falsettos that contrast with the singer ' s signature raspy voice .;-cmp-;The song draws inspiration from Prince and George Michael and incorporates funk falsettos that contrast with the singer ' s signature raspy voice .
" The album also features contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , KS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Dijon .;-cmp-;" The album also features contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , TS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Dijon .
It ' s not a full album yet , but two songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .;-cmp-;It ' s not a full album yet , but three songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
Accomplish that , and by 2027 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .;-cmp-;Accomplish that , and by 2025 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to tell people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .;-cmp-;Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to ask people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
At least the men who have portrayed them on the big screen have gotten back together , with Jason Momoa posting a picture of himself with Ben Affleck in his verified Instagram account .;-cmp-;At least the men who have portrayed them on the big screen have gotten back together , with Jason Momoa posting a picture of himself with Ben Affleck on his verified Instagram account .
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello in " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .;-cmp-;Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez which dates back to well before the show came to be .;-cmp-;There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
Whether struggling to survive or showing her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .;-cmp-;Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side during the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .;-cmp-;Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
Sweeney did n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying , " I really trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .;-cmp-;Sweeney did n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying , " I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when she started advocating for Mero .;-cmp-;According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when he started advocating for Mero .
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when he began advocating for Mero .;-cmp-;According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when he started advocating for Mero .
According to her , the new album is just " Act I " of three recorded over the pandemic .;-cmp-;According to her , this new album is just " Act I " of three recorded over the pandemic .
I ' m a passionate dog mom myself , so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your experience as a dog dad , and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this .;-cmp-;I ' m a passionate dog mom myself , so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad , and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this .
And even though ' Smoke ' is an amazing record , it ' s also not the best record on the album .;-cmp-;And even though ' Smoke ' is an amazing record , it ' s still not the best record on the album .
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif would personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .;-cmp-;Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .
The Academy then sanctioned Smith by banning him from attending the Oscars for the next 10 years .;-cmp-;The Academy has sanctioned Smith by banning him from attending the Oscars for the next 10 years .
The Academy subsequently sanctioned Smith by banning him from attending the Oscars for the next 10 years .;-cmp-;The Academy has sanctioned Smith by banning him from attending the Oscars for the next 10 years .
She later quipped , " Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the face .;-cmp-;He later quipped , " Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the face .
Producers for the beloved game show had decided to keep former " Big Bang Theory " star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as " Jeopardy " hosts for the foreseeable future , with the pair splitting duties .;-cmp-;Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former " Big Bang Theory " star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as " Jeopardy " hosts for the foreseeable future , with the pair splitting duties .
Jennings would host as the new season begins in September , as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions , the announcement said .;-cmp-;Jennings will host as the new season begins in September , as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions , the announcement said .
Following its run in Beverly Hills , the restaurant will go on tour , hitting New York , Miami , San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months , through Spring 2023 .;-cmp-;After its run in Beverly Hills , the restaurant will go on tour , hitting New York , Miami , San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months , through Spring 2023 .
Between the new music and a recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .;-cmp-;Between the new music and the recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
Before I even get into the actual music , the singer had something to say about it leaking days before its scheduled release .;-cmp-;Before we even get into the actual music , the singer had something to say about it leaking days before its scheduled release .
In a ruling obtained by CNN , the investigating magistrate said that there is " sufficient evidence " to hold a trial for Shakira ' s alleged tax evasion during the years of 2012 , 2013 and 2014 .;-cmp-;In a ruling obtained by CNN , the investigating magistrate said that there is " sufficient evidence " to hold a trial for Shakira ' s alleged tax evasion for the years of 2012 , 2013 and 2014 .
Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of sending a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .;-cmp-;Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
He has reached out to the prosecutor ' s office for comment , but there has been no response yet .;-cmp-;CNN has reached out to the prosecutor ' s office for comment , but there has been no response yet .
Neither one has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .;-cmp-;Neither man has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
Smith posted a video to his verified Instagram account that Friday that began with the words on screen , " It ' s been a minute .;-cmp-;Smith posted a video to his verified Instagram account on Friday that began with the words on screen , " It ' s been a minute .
" Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " stars Lupita Nyong ' o , Michaela Coel , Martin Freeman , Letitia Wright , Angela Bassett , Danai Gurira , Florence Kasumba , Enoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne .;-cmp-;" Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " stars Lupita Nyong ' o , Michaela Coel , Martin Freeman , Letitia Wright , Angela Bassett , Danai Gurira , Florence Kasumba , Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne .
" Blood and Bodies " will be McLean ' s second solo album and is set to release in early 2023 .;-cmp-;" Sex and Bodies " will be McLean ' s second solo album and is set to release in early 2023 .
A recent report by Puck News named their manager Victor Lopez as the cause of a schism between Desus and Mero , which ultimately led to the show ending .;-cmp-;A recent report by Puck News cited their manager Victor Lopez as the cause of a schism between Desus and Mero , which ultimately led to the show ending .
" Light & Magic " examines how the impossible became feasible , but to Kasdan ' s credit , its efforts to shed light on the magic does n ' t stop there .;-cmp-;" Light & Magic " documents how the impossible became feasible , but to Kasdan ' s credit , its efforts to shed light on the magic does n ' t stop there .
" Black Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in July 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private .;-cmp-;" Black Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private .
Remember that , " she said before her death in the 2018 issue " The Return of the Mighty Thor .;-cmp-;Remember that , " she said before her death in the 2018 issue " The Death of the Mighty Thor .
" Renaissance " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited second album does n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .;-cmp-;" Renaissance " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited seventh album does n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .
" Renaissance " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited seventh album will n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .;-cmp-;" Renaissance " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited seventh album does n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .
" When you give me the award , you honor my father , Paul Sorvino , who has taught me everything I know about acting , " she said at the time .;-cmp-;" When you give me this award , you honor my father , Paul Sorvino , who has taught me everything I know about acting , " she said at the time .
" If you go on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends again , " he concludes .;-cmp-;" If you hang on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends again , " he concludes .
" If you hang on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends forever , " he concludes .;-cmp-;" If you hang on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends again , " he concludes .
" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he added , clarifying his comments .;-cmp-;" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he said , clarifying his comments .
" The number one priority amongst the four of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .;-cmp-;" The number one priority amongst the five of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
" He asked a lot of fair questions that I wanted to take some time to answer .;-cmp-;" You asked a lot of fair questions that I wanted to take some time to answer .
CNN has reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime to comment about the allegations .;-cmp-;CNN has reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime for comment about the allegations .
In 2014 , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he often " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .;-cmp-;In April , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he often " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .
" Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note , " If the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .;-cmp-;" Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note , " When the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .
Sorbo also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .;-cmp-;Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .
Sweeney is n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying , " I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .;-cmp-;Sweeney did n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying , " I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .
I ' m a passionate dog mom myself , so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad , and what motivated you to get involved with a company like this .;-cmp-;I ' m a passionate dog mom myself , so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad , and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this .
A news report by Puck News cited their manager Victor Lopez as the cause of a schism between Desus and Mero , which ultimately led to the show ending .;-cmp-;A recent report by Puck News cited their manager Victor Lopez as the cause of a schism between Desus and Mero , which ultimately led to the show ending .
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she sends us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .;-cmp-;Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
He added : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2024 .;-cmp-;He added : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .
Jennings will host as the new season begins in July , as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions , the announcement said .;-cmp-;Jennings will host as the new season begins in September , as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions , the announcement said .
A look at some of the shows and movies streaming through Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Disney + in August .;-cmp-;A look at some of the shows and movies streaming on Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Disney + in August .
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before she became famous .;-cmp-;Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to long before the show came to be .;-cmp-;There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a statement about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .;-cmp-;Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
The successful third leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .;-cmp-;The successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .
In April , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he sometimes " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .;-cmp-;In April , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he often " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .
" We similar , we not congruent , " Yaro said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which appears to have been recorded before the split .;-cmp-;" We similar , we not congruent , " Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which appears to have been recorded before the split .
He later apologizes to her , their children , and his fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .;-cmp-;He also apologizes to her , their children , and his fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .
Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him helplessly wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .;-cmp-;Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him idly wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .;-cmp-;Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
He continued : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .;-cmp-;He added : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , writing , " To share my deep house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .;-cmp-;On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , writing , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .
Beyoncé pays tribute to her late Uncle Jonny , a gay man , in her latest project .;-cmp-;Beyoncé pays tribute to her late Uncle Jonny , a gay man , with her latest project .
" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he said , clarifying his statement .;-cmp-;" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he said , clarifying his comments .
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished my image .;-cmp-;Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image .
Nigerian singer Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .;-cmp-;Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
CNN later reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime for comment about the allegations .;-cmp-;CNN has reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime for comment about the allegations .
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens guy " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .;-cmp-;Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
Whether fighting to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .;-cmp-;Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
The successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after two decades .;-cmp-;The successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , stating , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .;-cmp-;On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , writing , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .
Will Smith is " deeply remorseful " for slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards in March .;-cmp-;Will Smith is " deeply remorseful " about slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards in March .
That ' s quite an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .;-cmp-;That ' s not an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
It ' s not an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .;-cmp-;That ' s not an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice under double jeopardy .;-cmp-;Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice by double jeopardy .
The children find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .;-cmp-;The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
Bey honors him with one of her greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .;-cmp-;Bey honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose deeds have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .;-cmp-;" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
The station employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .;-cmp-;The former employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
If she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .;-cmp-;Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them suffer for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .;-cmp-;The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
Colombian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .;-cmp-;Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
Judge José Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .;-cmp-;Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
" You asked a lot of fair questions that I needed to take some time to answer .;-cmp-;" You asked a lot of fair questions that I wanted to take some time to answer .
Judge Juan Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .;-cmp-;Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media and you do n ' t care about that .;-cmp-;Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media because you do n ' t care about that .;-cmp-;Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
It ' s not a full album yet , although three songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .;-cmp-;It ' s not a full album yet , but three songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
Beyoncé cements her ability to move beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .;-cmp-;Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
Acquainted since elementary school , the pair had much in common being children of immigrants .;-cmp-;Acquainted since high school , the pair had much in common being children of immigrants .
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost 20 years ago .;-cmp-;With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost 10 years ago .
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino presented her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .;-cmp-;So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
busted on set all great things coming SQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j , " the caption read .;-cmp-;busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j , " the caption read .
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life once the film hits theaters this weekend .;-cmp-;Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend .
