It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics throughout the country as the monkeypox outbreak spreads .;-cmp-;It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country as the monkeypox outbreak spreads .
It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics around the country as the monkeypox outbreak spreads .;-cmp-;It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country as the monkeypox outbreak spreads .
It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country as the monkeypox epidemic spreads .;-cmp-;It ' s a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country as the monkeypox outbreak spreads .
Anand Varma , professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New York City .;-cmp-;Jay Varma , professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New York City .
This longitudinal study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .;-cmp-;This new study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for 30 days after their symptoms come back .;-cmp-;The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for 10 days after their symptoms come back .
The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for 10 days after the symptoms come back .;-cmp-;The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for 10 days after their symptoms come back .
The report sets " nanogram " levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests in patients who are worried about exposure or who are at high risk .;-cmp-;The report sets " nanogram " levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about exposure or who are at high risk .
The report sets " nanogram " levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about exposure and who are at high risk .;-cmp-;The report sets " nanogram " levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about exposure or who are at high risk .
The US Food and Drug Administration ordered vaccine makers in June to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA .;-cmp-;The US Food and Drug Administration advised vaccine makers in June to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA .
The bacterium that causes a rare , serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .;-cmp-;The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .
Health officials in the US have also recommended reducing sex partners but used softer language .;-cmp-;Health officials in the US have also advised reducing sex partners but used softer language .
Symptoms of colioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .;-cmp-;Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected and may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .;-cmp-;Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , difficulty breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .;-cmp-;Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .
The first is a newer , modern vaccine named Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .;-cmp-;The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
Currently , 10 states would be considered to be on the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .;-cmp-;Currently , 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .
Currently , 10 states would be considered to be at the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .;-cmp-;Currently , 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .
Currently , 10 states could be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .;-cmp-;Currently , 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .
The CDC says that wearing a condom can help , but alone , it probably will not protect against the spread of monkeypox .;-cmp-;The CDC says that wearing a condom may help , but alone , it probably will not protect against the spread of monkeypox .
Since the start of June , the CDC says , it has been conducting extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community .;-cmp-;Since the start of June , the CDC says , it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community .
So are firefighters , workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near municipal airports , military bases , landfills , incinerators , wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used .;-cmp-;So are firefighters , workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports , military bases , landfills , incinerators , wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used .
This ' s in addition to 105 million bivalent boosters the US government has purchased from Pfizer .;-cmp-;That ' s in addition to 105 million bivalent boosters the US government has purchased from Pfizer .
New York has 1 , 247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to figures from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .;-cmp-;New York has 1 , 247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to data from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC statistics .;-cmp-;As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .
Updated studies would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .;-cmp-;Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Updated shots would need to be approved by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .;-cmp-;Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 10 , 000 doses as of Thursday .;-cmp-;San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 12 , 000 doses as of Thursday .
San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 4 , 000 doses as of Thursday .;-cmp-;San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 12 , 000 doses as of Thursday .
San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 3 , 000 doses as of Thursday .;-cmp-;San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 12 , 000 doses as of Thursday .
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an attempt to strengthen the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .;-cmp-;San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , while California has a total of 798 cases .;-cmp-;The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , while California has a total of 799 cases .
The government will make 56 , 000 of those doses available to states for the first phase of the roll out .;-cmp-;The government will make 56 , 000 of those doses available to states in the first phase of the roll out .
According the White House , over the past six months , filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27 , 000 a week to 182 , 000 a week .;-cmp-;According the White House , over the past two months , filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27 , 000 a week to 182 , 000 a week .
According the White House , during the past two months , filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27 , 000 a week to 182 , 000 a week .;-cmp-;According the White House , over the past two months , filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27 , 000 a week to 182 , 000 a week .
He started n ' t have any symptoms when he saw the baby , who was his grandson , but about eight hours later , he started to feel ill again .;-cmp-;He did n ' t have any symptoms when he saw the baby , who was his grandson , but about eight hours later , he started to feel ill again .
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs can add up , and treatments are still hard to access .;-cmp-;Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs can add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to stop this outbreak .;-cmp-;Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug will not completely extinguish the infection .;-cmp-;As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .
As dangerous as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .;-cmp-;As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .
Pennsylvania resident Hope Grasse , who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval base , described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure .;-cmp-;Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse , who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval base , described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure .
It will release more vaccines to areas with the highest case rates , and it will scale up testing , making tests available in five commercial laboratories in addition to an existing network of public health labs .;-cmp-;It will release more vaccines to areas with the highest case rates , and it will scale up testing , making tests available at five commercial laboratories in addition to an existing network of public health labs .
Since the primary way people reach out is via private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .;-cmp-;Since the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .
It would feel awkward to pick up the phone and make a call , but the connection will likely be more genuine , she added .;-cmp-;It might feel awkward to pick up the phone and make a call , but the connection will likely be more genuine , she added .
When focusing on the possibility of rejection , one may deprive oneself of close friendships or enjoyable experiences , she added .;-cmp-;When focusing on the possibility of rejection , one may deprive oneself of close friendships and enjoyable experiences , she added .
In these experiments , reaching out was defined as a phone call , text , email , letter or small gift .;-cmp-;In these experiments , reaching out was defined as a phone call , text , email , note or small gift .
In Seattle , King County health officials say they have received only 4 , 720 doses of Synneos .;-cmp-;In Seattle , King County health officials say they have received only 4 , 720 doses of Jynneos .
The only complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .;-cmp-;The other complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .
To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Harmayer said .;-cmp-;To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Kirmayer said .
On Sunday , more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .;-cmp-;On Monday , more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .
On Wednesday , more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .;-cmp-;On Monday , more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .
The other complications is that the ADAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .;-cmp-;The other complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use this to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .;-cmp-;In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
Cahill said his organization has been advocating for the US to declare monkeypox a national health emergency .;-cmp-;Cahill said his organization has been advocating for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
Thus far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified across 28 jurisdictions .;-cmp-;So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified across 28 jurisdictions .
Half of them have come from only two families , leading the researchers to conclude that such cases are not all that rare .;-cmp-;Half of them have come from just two families , leading the researchers to conclude that such cases are not all that rare .
But even with that education , it can be hard to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .;-cmp-;But even with that education , it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
But by the end of the day , we need vaccines , and we need them yesterday .;-cmp-;But at the end of the day , we need vaccines , and we need them yesterday .
pseudomallei is usually found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .;-cmp-;pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .
pseudomallei is often found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .;-cmp-;pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .
pseudomallei is commonly found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .;-cmp-;pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions , and US cases are usually connected to travel .
Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the USA .;-cmp-;Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the US .
Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of these bacteria in the environment in the US .;-cmp-;Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the US .
His organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC requesting a bigger response .;-cmp-;His organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC demanding a bigger response .
The main complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .;-cmp-;The other complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .
" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you have symptoms , " Charness said .;-cmp-;" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you develop symptoms , " Charness said .
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Jose Becerra said Thursday .;-cmp-;In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
But , the US does n ' t have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it , so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second , older type of vaccine called ADAM .;-cmp-;But , the US does n ' t have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it , so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second , older type of vaccine called ACAM .
But , the US does n ' t have enough doses of Dynneos to vaccinate all who might want it , so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second , older type of vaccine called ACAM .;-cmp-;But , the US does n ' t have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it , so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second , older type of vaccine called ACAM .
While the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .;-cmp-;Since the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .
The US has ordered more of this vaccine , and the government plans to make 1 . 25 million more doses of the Synneos vaccine available through the summer and fall , the administration said .;-cmp-;The US has ordered more of this vaccine , and the government plans to make 1 . 25 million more doses of the Jynneos vaccine available through the summer and fall , the administration said .
While local officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .;-cmp-;While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines being available as early as September , " an FDA spokesman said .;-cmp-;" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines being available as early as September , " an FDA spokesperson said .
In late June , vaccine makers said adapters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .;-cmp-;In late June , vaccine makers said boosters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .
As of Friday , the United States had than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .;-cmp-;As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .
A new study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .;-cmp-;This new study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
As of Friday , New York City ' s official health department website says all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time .;-cmp-;As of Friday , New York City ' s public health department website says all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time .
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised individuals are eligible for second boosters .;-cmp-;Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters .
The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Synneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .;-cmp-;The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified in 28 jurisdictions .;-cmp-;So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified across 28 jurisdictions .
Michael Osterholm who leads the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .;-cmp-;Michael Osterholm who directs the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .
Although the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .;-cmp-;Since the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .
Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts before it got sick .;-cmp-;Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts before they got sick .
Individuals who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .;-cmp-;People who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
There are 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer and are currently on the way .;-cmp-;There are 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way .
He says they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .;-cmp-;He said they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called glioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .;-cmp-;The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .
" The National Academies were asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy , special interests , and politics , and are looked at as a trusted neutral body , " said Dr .;-cmp-;" The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy , special interests , and politics , and are looked at as a trusted neutral body , " said Dr .
Neither the baby nor its father had any other close contacts before they got sick .;-cmp-;Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts before they got sick .
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in patients with HIV , " Varma said .;-cmp-;" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in late fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .;-cmp-;Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in early fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
On Tuesday , HHS also activated the CDC ' s Emergency Operations Center to allow the agency more flexibility and manpower to manage the nation ' s monkeypox response .;-cmp-;On Tuesday , HHS also activated the CDC ' s Emergency Operations Center to give the agency more flexibility and manpower to manage the nation ' s monkeypox response .
The CDC spokesperson said the agency " encourages anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested if there is more than enough testing capacity .;-cmp-;The CDC spokesperson said the agency " encourages anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested since there is more than enough testing capacity .
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe despite a lack of vaccines .;-cmp-;They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you experience symptoms , " Charness said .;-cmp-;" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you develop symptoms , " Charness said .
Those who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .;-cmp-;People who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
Bottom line is , we need to get ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .;-cmp-;Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos that is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .;-cmp-;The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
And a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out , said Akbari , who was not involved in the study .;-cmp-;But a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out , said Akbari , who was not involved in the study .
" It ' s considered not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .;-cmp-;" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
