Malaysia ratified the agreement in March , and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports , Nafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness .;-cmp-;Malaysia ratified the agreement in March , and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports , Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness .
In addition to ensuring higher efficiency , the ministry has asked local authorities to strictly ensure environmental safety in examining and approving assessment documents , and to ramp up supervision over related projects .;-cmp-;In addition to demanding higher efficiency , the ministry has asked local authorities to strictly ensure environmental safety in examining and approving assessment documents , and to ramp up supervision over related projects .
The country will " endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost " with a new goal to limit fatalities to no more than 1 person per million , Chen said in a news conference .;-cmp-;The country will " endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost " with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million , Chen said in a news conference .
The country will " endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost " with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million , Chen said during a news conference .;-cmp-;The country will " endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost " with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million , Chen said in a news conference .
The majestic karst cave is 257 . 3 kilometers in length , ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia ' s longest cave .;-cmp-;The majestic karst cave is 257 . 4 kilometers in length , ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia ' s longest cave .
This will also help China stabilize its external market and prevent a rapid decline in exports , thus helping support China ' s economic recovery in the second half of the year .;-cmp-;It will also help China stabilize its external market and prevent a rapid decline in exports , thus helping support China ' s economic recovery in the second half of the year .
The working group would guide rescue work and accident investigations , said the ministry , adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations .;-cmp-;The working group will guide rescue work and accident investigations , said the ministry , adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations .
Temperatures in parts of Zhejiang , Fujian , Jiangxi and Xinjiang can surpass 40 degrees Celsius , the center said .;-cmp-;Temperatures in parts of Zhejiang , Fujian , Jiangxi and Xinjiang may surpass 40 degrees Celsius , the center said .
While monetary tightening in the US has ignited worries among investors , China has adhered to a stable monetary policy .;-cmp-;While radical tightening in the US has ignited worries among investors , China has adhered to a stable monetary policy .
While the Respect for Marriage Act has passed the House with a Democratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans , it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate .;-cmp-;While the Respect for Marriage Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans , it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate .
" It ' s great that the government started these swimming training programs , which could ensure the safety of students , " Hu added .;-cmp-;" It ' s great that the government organized these swimming training programs , which could ensure the safety of students , " Hu added .
America is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time .;-cmp-;Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time .
Roberts also said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court but objected to it during a State of the Union address .;-cmp-;Roberts had said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court but objected to it during a State of the Union address .
Roberts had said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court and objected to it during a State of the Union address .;-cmp-;Roberts had said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court but objected to it during a State of the Union address .
Roberts publicly said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court but objected to it during a State of the Union address .;-cmp-;Roberts had said then that he was n ' t opposed to criticism of the court but objected to it during a State of the Union address .
" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media website Sina Weibo .;-cmp-;" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media platform Sina Weibo .
" This might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media platform Sina Weibo .;-cmp-;" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media platform Sina Weibo .
Euronews reported that Germany had seen their hottest day of the year so far with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C .;-cmp-;Euronews reported that Germany had seen its hottest day of the year so far with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C .
As of Wednesday , China had fully vaccinated nearly 89 . 8 percent of its population and 84 . 5 percent of people aged 60 and above , according to the National Health Commission .;-cmp-;As of Wednesday , China had fully vaccinated nearly 89 . 7 percent of its population and 84 . 5 percent of people aged 60 and above , according to the National Health Commission .
Around 10 , 000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum ' s opening ceremony , which was held online and offline in several cities , including Beijing , Shanghai , Guangzhou and Nanjing .;-cmp-;Around 2 , 000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum ' s opening ceremony , which was held online and offline in several cities , including Beijing , Shanghai , Guangzhou and Nanjing .
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the area of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .;-cmp-;The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .
The two agreed on joint efforts to develop practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .;-cmp-;The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .
Biden ' s visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on October 16 .;-cmp-;Biden ' s visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16 .
The energy intensity in the country decreased 28 . 8 percent from 2011 to 2020 , one of the fastest reductions in the world , it noted .;-cmp-;The energy intensity in the country decreased 28 . 7 percent from 2011 to 2020 , one of the fastest reductions in the world , it noted .
" The only way , if we truly want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .;-cmp-;" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
" The only way , if we still wish to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .;-cmp-;" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the primary battlefields in the country ' s fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling .;-cmp-;Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country ' s fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling .
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossings and smuggling .;-cmp-;Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling .
The film crew took them to many " amazing sites " and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to " incorporate modern Chinese traits while still maintaining traditional customs " , Bradley said .;-cmp-;The film crew took them to many " amazing sites " and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to " incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs " , Bradley said .
The States Newsroom reported that they were charged with " crowding , obstructing or incommoding and need to pay a $ 500 fine " .;-cmp-;The States Newsroom reported that they were charged with " crowding , obstructing or incommoding and need to pay a $ 50 fine " .
In the footage , he is shown giving tourists directions , getting water for a baby and even helping a neighbor sell yogurt .;-cmp-;In the footage , he is seen giving tourists directions , getting water for a baby and even helping a neighbor sell yogurt .
In the four years since , the village has made more than 18 million yuan , with profits in excess of 1 . 7 million yuan , causing annual incomes to increase by some 1 , 000 yuan .;-cmp-;In the four years since , the village has made more than 18 million yuan , with profits in excess of 1 . 5 million yuan , causing annual incomes to increase by some 1 , 000 yuan .
With the current monetary policy staying prudent , China ' s latest benchmark lending rates unveiled on Wednesday has remained unchanged .;-cmp-;With the current monetary policy staying prudent , China ' s latest benchmark lending rates unveiled on Wednesday have remained unchanged .
In Merauke , an Indonesian town with a population of 100 , 000 , the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine , or TCM , also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products .;-cmp-;In Merauke , an Indonesian town with a population of 130 , 000 , the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine , or TCM , also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products .
In a special operation launched on August 1 , Shenzhen police detained eight suspects after intercepting a smuggling ship off the coast of the city .;-cmp-;In a special operation launched on June 1 , Shenzhen police detained eight suspects after intercepting a smuggling ship off the coast of the city .
On Sunday , the mainland reported 148 locally transmitted , confirmed infections and 678 asymptomatic cases , compared with 108 and 827 respectively for the previous day .;-cmp-;On Wednesday , the mainland reported 148 locally transmitted , confirmed infections and 678 asymptomatic cases , compared with 108 and 827 respectively for the previous day .
The country ' s nationwide tally also rose to a new high of 186 , 229 on Thursday , with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA . 5 .;-cmp-;The country ' s nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186 , 229 on Thursday , with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA . 5 .
On Thursday , Tokyo reported a new record for daily infections at 22 , 878 , far exceeding the previous record of 21 , 562 in early February .;-cmp-;On Thursday , Tokyo reported a new record for daily infections at 31 , 878 , far exceeding the previous record of 21 , 562 in early February .
On Monday , the mainland reported 148 locally transmitted , confirmed infections and 678 asymptomatic cases , compared with 108 and 827 respectively for the previous day .;-cmp-;On Wednesday , the mainland reported 148 locally transmitted , confirmed infections and 678 asymptomatic cases , compared with 108 and 827 respectively for the previous day .
Liu further highlighted efforts the ministry has made to ensure the quality of the assessment ' s examination and approval .;-cmp-;Liu also highlighted efforts the ministry has made to ensure the quality of the assessment ' s examination and approval .
Liu also highlighted efforts the ministry has made to ensure the integrity of the assessment ' s examination and approval .;-cmp-;Liu also highlighted efforts the ministry has made to ensure the quality of the assessment ' s examination and approval .
Rewards for tips about illegal border crossing and smuggling cases have been raised from 300 , 000 yuan to 500 , 000 yuan , Liu said .;-cmp-;Rewards for tips about illegal border crossing and smuggling cases have been raised from 200 , 000 yuan to 500 , 000 yuan , Liu said .
But after the absence of foreign tourists for more than two years , the recovery remains slow .;-cmp-;Yet after the absence of foreign tourists for more than two years , the recovery remains slow .
But for Thailand , the figure was just 24 percent , Ari Ragavan said , citing data from analytics firm Cirium .;-cmp-;But for Thailand , the figure was only 24 percent , Ari Ragavan said , citing data from analytics firm Cirium .
" I would have to say two things stand out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .;-cmp-;" I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
" I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings back in China , " he said .;-cmp-;" I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
States are encountering greater pressure when it comes to increasing employment and incomes , and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing , he added .;-cmp-;Farmers are encountering greater pressure when it comes to increasing employment and incomes , and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing , he added .
Both technological upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .;-cmp-;Both technology upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .
Both infrastructure upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .;-cmp-;Both technology upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .
He stressed that African countries give importance to shared development and believe that development is a fundamental human right .;-cmp-;He stressed that African countries attach importance to shared development and believe that development is a fundamental human right .
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement was not a job of one country , as problematic goods may also be circulated in other national markets .;-cmp-;He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job of one country , as problematic goods may also be circulated in other national markets .
He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the World Youth Development Forum , which is being held from Tuesday to Saturday .;-cmp-;He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the World Youth Development Forum , which is being held from Thursday to Saturday .
" However , rural and agricultural economic development face challenges , such as an increasing threat of natural disasters , " he said .;-cmp-;" However , rural and agricultural economic development face challenges , such as the increasing threat of natural disasters , " he said .
" I have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola , polio , yellow fever , cholera and others . ";-cmp-;" We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola , polio , yellow fever , cholera and others . "
" We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola , polio , scarlet fever , cholera and others . ";-cmp-;" We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola , polio , yellow fever , cholera and others . "
" You can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident occur in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history ? ";-cmp-;" You can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history ? "
Police at Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May .;-cmp-;Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May .
In 2012 , the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects , urging environmental authorities of different levels to offer support , he continued .;-cmp-;In June , the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects , urging environmental authorities of different levels to offer support , he continued .
In 2011 , the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects , urging environmental authorities of different levels to offer support , he continued .;-cmp-;In June , the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects , urging environmental authorities of different levels to offer support , he continued .
President Xi Jinping called on Thursday for young people in all countries to promote shared human values and facilitate the implementation of the United Nations ' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development .;-cmp-;President Xi Jinping called on Thursday for young people in all countries to promote common human values and facilitate the implementation of the United Nations ' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development .
" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to forge a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .;-cmp-;" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on foreign reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .;-cmp-;China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
" I can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history ? ";-cmp-;" You can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history ? "
He wrote the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the World Youth Development Forum , which is being held from Thursday to Saturday .;-cmp-;He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the World Youth Development Forum , which is being held from Thursday to Saturday .
The Public Health Order focuses on strengthening public health institutions and its workforce , local manufacturing of pharmaceuticals , vaccines and diagnostics , and ensuring fast response to disease threats .;-cmp-;The Public Health Order focuses on strengthening public health institutions and its workforce , local manufacturing of therapeutics , vaccines and diagnostics , and ensuring fast response to disease threats .
The two agreed on joint efforts to establish practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .;-cmp-;The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade , and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy , Xinhua News Agency reported .
He pledged enhanced efforts from the administration to ramp up precise monitoring and more contributions to flood prevention and mitigation in the country .;-cmp-;He pledged enhanced efforts from the administration to ramp up precise monitoring and more contributions to disaster prevention and mitigation in the country .
Lula , 76 , who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2009 , will contest in the presidential election on Oct . 2 , and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro , who is seeking a second term .;-cmp-;Lula , 76 , who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2010 , will contest in the presidential election on Oct . 2 , and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro , who is seeking a second term .
The film crew took them to many " amazing sites " and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to " adopt modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs " , Bradley said .;-cmp-;The film crew took them to many " amazing sites " and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to " incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs " , Bradley said .
Ezzat Saad El Sayed , director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs , called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries , saying African countries welcomed the GDI .;-cmp-;Ezzat Saad El Sayed , director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs , called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries , saying African countries welcome the GDI .
BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that open and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .;-cmp-;BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that effective and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .
While the Respect for Marriage Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans , it is likely to stall in the heavily split Senate .;-cmp-;While the Respect for Marriage Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans , it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate .
They are encountering greater pressure when it comes to increasing employment and incomes , and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing , he added .;-cmp-;Farmers are encountering greater pressure when it comes to increasing employment and incomes , and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing , he added .
On most summer days , swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers , but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks .;-cmp-;On hot summer days , swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers , but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks .
What made the two solutions especially important for China is that coal remains dominant in the country ' s energy mix , he stressed .;-cmp-;What makes the two solutions especially important for China is that coal remains dominant in the country ' s energy mix , he stressed .
Ezzat Saad El Sayed , head of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs , called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries , saying African countries welcome the GDI .;-cmp-;Ezzat Saad El Sayed , director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs , called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries , saying African countries welcome the GDI .
" Farmers and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .;-cmp-;" Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .
" Through the swimming lessons , I believe that I will be able to master the skills after this summer vacation , " Huang added .;-cmp-;" Through the swimming lessons , I believe that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation , " Huang added .
They say African countries are willing to work with China to implement the initiative based on friendship and cooperation .;-cmp-;They said African countries are willing to work with China to implement the initiative based on friendship and cooperation .
The UDI , calling for genuine cooperation and common action , comes at an appropriate time , said Ebrima Sall , executive director of TrustAfrica .;-cmp-;The GDI , calling for genuine cooperation and common action , comes at an appropriate time , said Ebrima Sall , executive director of TrustAfrica .
Sha Yu , chief economist at Orient Securities , said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors ' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government .;-cmp-;Shao Yu , chief economist at Orient Securities , said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors ' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government .
" With the swimming lessons , I believe that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation , " Huang added .;-cmp-;" Through the swimming lessons , I believe that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation , " Huang added .
According to photos uploaded by netizens , the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals , including Hayao Tani , Matsui Iwane , Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi , were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022 .;-cmp-;According to photos uploaded by netizens , the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals , including Hisao Tani , Matsui Iwane , Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi , were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022 .
Some drug gangs that used to be active in the province have been busted , he said .;-cmp-;Some criminal gangs that used to be active in the province have been busted , he said .
Martin Apana , ambassador of Cameroon to China , said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative , especially for developing countries .;-cmp-;Martin Mpana , ambassador of Cameroon to China , said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative , especially for developing countries .
Various layers of evidence including trial recordings , documents and archives reveal bacterial development , human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731 , a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II .;-cmp-;Various forms of evidence including trial recordings , documents and archives reveal bacterial development , human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731 , a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II .
" It ' s great that the government organized these swimming training programs , which would ensure the safety of students , " Hu added .;-cmp-;" It ' s great that the government organized these swimming training programs , which could ensure the safety of students , " Hu added .
The National Health Order focuses on strengthening public health institutions and its workforce , local manufacturing of therapeutics , vaccines and diagnostics , and ensuring fast response to disease threats .;-cmp-;The Public Health Order focuses on strengthening public health institutions and its workforce , local manufacturing of therapeutics , vaccines and diagnostics , and ensuring fast response to disease threats .
Exports to these countries increased by 11 . 1 percent , while imports from them rose by 5 . 2 percent , the data shows .;-cmp-;Exports to these countries increased by 11 . 1 percent , while imports from them rose by 3 . 2 percent , the data shows .
Japan is seeing a coronavirus outbreak like never before with no end in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time .;-cmp-;Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time .
Ari Ragavan said regional countries will focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .;-cmp-;Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .
Further technology upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .;-cmp-;Both technology upgrades and tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem , he noted .
According to photos uploaded by netizens , the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals , including Tadao Tani , Matsui Iwane , Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi , were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022 .;-cmp-;According to photos uploaded by netizens , the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals , including Hisao Tani , Matsui Iwane , Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi , were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022 .
Liu highlights the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production , water conservancy , oil and gas pipelines , and railways as key sectors .;-cmp-;Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production , water conservancy , oil and gas pipelines , and railways as key sectors .
Considering the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .;-cmp-;Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
Liu highlighted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production , water conservancy , oil and gas pipelines , and railways as key sectors .;-cmp-;Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production , water conservancy , oil and gas pipelines , and railways as key sectors .
Sreethiahnanthan Ari Ragavan , president of the ASEAN Tourism Research Association , has found that flights are steadily returning to 2019 levels in Southeast Asia .;-cmp-;Neethiahnanthan Ari Ragavan , president of the ASEAN Tourism Research Association , has found that flights are steadily returning to 2019 levels in Southeast Asia .
" You can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears throughout history ? ";-cmp-;" You can not help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history ? "
But in Thailand , the figure was only 24 percent , Ari Ragavan said , citing data from analytics firm Cirium .;-cmp-;But for Thailand , the figure was only 24 percent , Ari Ragavan said , citing data from analytics firm Cirium .
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents since some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas , noise , wastewater and hazardous waste .;-cmp-;The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas , noise , wastewater and hazardous waste .
