I do n ' t know of any other Black medalists except for those four countries , " Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport .;-cmp-;I do n ' t know of any other Black medalists except for those three countries , " Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport .
Afkari was one of at least 268 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .;-cmp-;Afkari was one of at least 267 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .
Afkari was one of at least 266 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .;-cmp-;Afkari was one of at least 267 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into his mental health .;-cmp-;Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tost suggested in a team preview .;-cmp-;Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
Those figures have been disputed , while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets is " utter nonsense " and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs .;-cmp-;Those figures have been disputed , while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets was " utter nonsense " and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs .
Louis , told CNN that race plays a major part in whether or how violence and abuse is reported by the media .;-cmp-;Louis , told CNN that race plays a significant part in whether or how violence and abuse is reported by the media .
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into the familiar lead .;-cmp-;Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
The team analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .;-cmp-;The study analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1995 , the USA has won four tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .;-cmp-;Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1991 , the USA has won four tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .
Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1994 , the USA has won four tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .;-cmp-;Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1991 , the USA has won four tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .
Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1991 , the USA has won six tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .;-cmp-;Since the first Women ' s World Cup in 1991 , the USA has won four tournaments , finished second in one and third in three , consistently proving itself as the world ' s best team .
Kennedy was at the match with his son and witnessed the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .;-cmp-;Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s victory in the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .;-cmp-;The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s victory at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
It was only when she started to suffer injuries that Okoro began to question the way she was being coached .;-cmp-;It was only when she started to have injuries that Okoro began to question the way she was being coached .
It was only when she started to have injuries that Okoro started to question the way she was being coached .;-cmp-;It was only when she started to have injuries that Okoro began to question the way she was being coached .
However , Vos ' four bonus seconds saw her reduce her lead in the general classification to 20 seconds .;-cmp-;However , Vos ' four bonus seconds saw her extend her lead in the general classification to 20 seconds .
After the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a commanding lead .;-cmp-;After the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead .
Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition after Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .;-cmp-;Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition following Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .
One of those who holds this belief is New Zealander Simon Latimer , a former diver and judge and now a member of FINA ' s Diving Technical Committee .;-cmp-;One of those who holds that belief is New Zealander Simon Latimer , a former diver and judge and now a member of FINA ' s Diving Technical Committee .
According to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are established through historic performance data .;-cmp-;According to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are created through historic performance data .
I tried to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .;-cmp-;I want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .
We do n ' t talk about the rivalry between France and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .;-cmp-;We do n ' t talk about the rivalry between England and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .
We do n ' t talk about the rivalry with England and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .;-cmp-;We do n ' t talk about the rivalry between England and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt brand new but also strangely familiar .;-cmp-;As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar .
That ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and its obstacles are many .;-cmp-;That ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many .
That ' s despite being from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many .;-cmp-;That ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many .
It seems somewhat of an understatement to consider the Tour de France a bike race .;-cmp-;It seems somewhat of an understatement to call the Tour de France a bike race .
It seems something of an understatement to call the Tour de France a bike race .;-cmp-;It seems somewhat of an understatement to call the Tour de France a bike race .
" This was more to do with him having to have his way and throw his dominance around , " she said .;-cmp-;" It was more to do with him having to have his way and throw his dominance around , " she said .
She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1993 to 1997 .;-cmp-;She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997 .
She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1992 to 1997 .;-cmp-;She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997 .
She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1991 to 1997 .;-cmp-;She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997 .
With the support from Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .;-cmp-;With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
With the help of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .;-cmp-;With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
After the two semifinal matches , a total of 317 , 683 fans have attended the games so far , more than doubling the previous record of 240 , 055 , set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands .;-cmp-;After the two semifinal matches , a total of 487 , 683 fans have attended the games so far , more than doubling the previous record of 240 , 055 , set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands .
Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would put her in good stead .;-cmp-;Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .
Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , combined with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .;-cmp-;Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down around the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .;-cmp-;Zhou ' s car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo ' s Wang Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap .;-cmp-;Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo ' s Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap .
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said during a press conference on Thursday .;-cmp-;" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Thursday .
" Running , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run very quickly .;-cmp-;" Running , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .
For two months of the year , skeleton athletes can train in pushing the sled , he said .;-cmp-;For six months of the year , skeleton athletes can train in pushing the sled , he said .
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for over a month with limited food and water .;-cmp-;His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which went into legal effect on July 1 .;-cmp-;His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which came into legal effect on July 1 .
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which came into full effect on July 1 .;-cmp-;His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which came into legal effect on July 1 .
Ever since then , he has been tough line , using a lot of violence , " said Poulin .;-cmp-;And since then , he has been tough line , using a lot of violence , " said Poulin .
Coffman , meanwhile , says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou ' s alleged behavior .;-cmp-;Huffman , meanwhile , says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou ' s alleged behavior .
" However , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .;-cmp-;" Ultimately , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
" I was cut from funding rather abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .;-cmp-;" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety and depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .;-cmp-;" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
Sabourin was aware that they may become the face for the wider community as a result .;-cmp-;Sabourin is aware that they may become the face for the wider community as a result .
2 million Ukrainian hryvnia , with around a quarter of the total already being transferred to Bakhmetov ' s foundation in Ukraine .;-cmp-;2 million Ukrainian hryvnia , with around a quarter of the total already being transferred to Akhmetov ' s foundation in Ukraine .
1 million Ukrainian hryvnia , with around a quarter of the total already being transferred to Akhmetov ' s foundation in Ukraine .;-cmp-;2 million Ukrainian hryvnia , with around a quarter of the total already being transferred to Akhmetov ' s foundation in Ukraine .
After the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Ricardo Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead .;-cmp-;After the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead .
Although his brother is the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .;-cmp-;Although his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
" Great to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .;-cmp-;" Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it sure does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .;-cmp-;" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
Day three of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .;-cmp-;Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Friday .;-cmp-;" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Thursday .
It caused a lengthy delay but the driver was eventually deemed fit after being assessed at the medical center .;-cmp-;It caused a lengthy delay but the driver was eventually declared fit after being assessed at the medical center .
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like SIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .;-cmp-;The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like LIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
The report analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .;-cmp-;The study analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Jake Bates .;-cmp-;With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight too low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .;-cmp-;" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
That she can look at them and hear what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .;-cmp-;That we can look at them and hear what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .
With the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .;-cmp-;Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
But Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments about her appearance .;-cmp-;Even Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments about her appearance .
" Take , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .;-cmp-;" Running , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .
In those conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson forged a connection with his team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .;-cmp-;In such conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson forged a connection with his team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .
Before practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .;-cmp-;After practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
And the ironic thing is I was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .;-cmp-;And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .
But the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .;-cmp-;And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .
And while she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .;-cmp-;And as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
While his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .;-cmp-;Although his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a year with limited food and water .;-cmp-;His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s win at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .;-cmp-;The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s victory at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
After practice on Wednesday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .;-cmp-;After practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common with many athletes in the UK .;-cmp-;" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
He ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .;-cmp-;You ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition due Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .;-cmp-;Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition following Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Galskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .;-cmp-;Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Buyalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
The Parisian fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .;-cmp-;The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
While everyone knew Lundholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .;-cmp-;While everyone knew Warholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
You want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .;-cmp-;I want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .
So this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .;-cmp-;But this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
His group had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .;-cmp-;His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a bumpy journey to get there .;-cmp-;Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a bumpy road to get there .
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool on helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .;-cmp-;Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense public scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .;-cmp-;Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense media scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .
His men had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .;-cmp-;His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
One notable fighter , Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas .;-cmp-;One UFC fighter , Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas .
With the Women ' s British Open approaching in October , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .;-cmp-;With the Women ' s British Open approaching in August , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .
" There ' s been a major push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .;-cmp-;" There ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
" It started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .;-cmp-;" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
" There ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women in cycling .;-cmp-;" There ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
Mark Reber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .;-cmp-;Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
" We should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play but that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .;-cmp-;" We should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
Afkari was one of at least 267 people who were executed in Iran by 2020 .;-cmp-;Afkari was one of at least 267 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .
The results were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .;-cmp-;The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .
