The " Alan " in question is Liu ' s cousin , Alan Babington - Smith , a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000 .;-cmp-;The " Alan " in question is Liu ' s partner , Alan Babington - Smith , a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000 .
The " Alan " in question is Liu ' s partner , Alan Babington - Smith , a consultant banker who had lived in China since 2000 .;-cmp-;The " Alan " in question is Liu ' s partner , Alan Babington - Smith , a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000 .
Although online fashion shows can reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .;-cmp-;Although online fashion shows could reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .
That was Bradley ' s first time to be on a helicopter , and he was too absorbed with the " stunning " view of the beautiful coastline .;-cmp-;That was Bradley ' s first time to be in a helicopter , and he was too absorbed with the " stunning " view of the beautiful coastline .
By sequencing all the human genes contained in each human cell , officially completed in June 2003 , all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness .;-cmp-;By sequencing all the human genes contained in each human cell , officially completed in April 2003 , all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness .
By sequencing all the human genes contained in each human cell , officially completed in May 2003 , all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness .;-cmp-;By sequencing all the human genes contained in each human cell , officially completed in April 2003 , all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness .
Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming was an ultraexpensive burden for the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .;-cmp-;Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming is an ultraexpensive burden for the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .
Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming is an ultraexpensive burden to the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .;-cmp-;Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming is an ultraexpensive burden for the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .
Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming is an inexpensive burden for the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .;-cmp-;Employing a 3D technology supporter for her show filming is an ultraexpensive burden for the startup company , the post - 90s designer said .
Many designers participated in this unique fashion show , referring the digitalization would be the focus of the next development of many brands .;-cmp-;Many designers participated in this unique fashion show , referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands .
A placenta is the organ where nutrients and gases pass back and forth between the mother and developing baby .;-cmp-;The placenta is the organ where nutrients and gases pass back and forth between the mother and developing baby .
Similarly , the number of points within a cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .;-cmp-;Also , the number of points within a cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .
Bamboo weaving is a time - honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Fengshun county , Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture , Hunan province .;-cmp-;Bamboo weaving is a time - honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Yongshun county , Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture , Hunan province .
The scientists repeated the experiment several times , and it soon became apparent they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea .;-cmp-;The scientists repeated the experiment several times , and it soon became clear they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea .
Instead , the immune cells we met earlier , natural killer cells , well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells , take on a completely different , more constructive job within the womb : helping build the placenta .;-cmp-;Instead , the immune cells we met earlier , natural killer cells , well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells , take on a completely different , more constructive job in the womb : helping build the placenta .
Similar cells are positioned close together , whereas cells using very different sets of genes are far apart .;-cmp-;Similar cells are positioned close together , while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart .
Climbing over the high mountains , passing the blue lake below , both buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .;-cmp-;Climbing over the high mountains , passing the blue lake below , the buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .
China , however , has spent years developing a combination of production incentives , local engineering talent and a cohesive supply chain ecosystem that will be hard to replicate elsewhere .;-cmp-;China , however , has spent years developing a combination of production incentives , local engineering talent and a cohesive supply chain ecosystem that will be difficult to replicate elsewhere .
Which ones out of all the 100 , 000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell ' s transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a " map " of different cells .;-cmp-;Which ones out of all the 20 , 000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell ' s transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a " map " of different cells .
The digital fashion show came to a successful conclusion , Xia was amazed and moved when reviewing this trial .;-cmp-;The digital fashion show came to a successful conclusion , Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial .
" While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations , the zero - Covid policy will not permanently damage China ' s status , " Paul Triolo , executive vice president at strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors , told CNN Business .;-cmp-;" While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations , the zero - Covid policy will not permanently damage China ' s status , " Paul Triolo , senior vice president at strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors , told CNN Business .
Of course , this is one of the most vital missions of science : to stop human disease before it ever begins .;-cmp-;Of course , this is one of the most vital missions of science : to stop human disease before it even begins .
Of course , this is one of the most vital missions of science : to stop human disease before it even starts .;-cmp-;Of course , this is one of the most vital missions of science : to stop human disease before it even begins .
When the two teams looked in detail into what made these cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .;-cmp-;When the two teams looked in detail at what made these cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , parents and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .;-cmp-;Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
Cook founded Apple in 1998 , a few years before the company began having its products manufactured in China .;-cmp-;Cook joined Apple in 1998 , a few years before the company began having its products manufactured in China .
A part of the Dongguan - based Mingyue company with investment from Japan , it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China .;-cmp-;A subsidiary of the Dongguan - based Mingyue company with investment from Japan , it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China .
It ' s useful as it indicates an increased risk of medical problems arising , such as type 2 diabetes , and steps can be taken to reduce the likelihood of this occurring .;-cmp-;It ' s useful as it indicates an increased risk of health problems arising , such as type 2 diabetes , and steps can be taken to reduce the likelihood of this occurring .
Apple has also faced scrutiny over the years for the working conditions at several of its suppliers ' facilities .;-cmp-;Apple has also faced scrutiny over the years for the working conditions at some of its suppliers ' facilities .
Apple has also received scrutiny over the years for the working conditions at some of its suppliers ' facilities .;-cmp-;Apple has also faced scrutiny over the years for the working conditions at some of its suppliers ' facilities .
In the footage , he is seen giving tourists directions , getting water for a baby and even helping the neighbor sell yogurt .;-cmp-;In the footage , he is seen giving tourists directions , getting water for a baby and even helping a neighbor sell yogurt .
Further in the future , if the equipment needed to do this gets small and cheap enough , perhaps the analysis could be done by yourself at home .;-cmp-;Further into the future , if the equipment needed to do this gets small and cheap enough , perhaps the analysis could be done by yourself at home .
In the future , maybe within thirty years or so , a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body ' s cells – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it .;-cmp-;In the future , maybe within 10 years or so , a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body ' s cells – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it .
Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis : as a computational analysis of cells on a screen , and as patients that walk through the door .;-cmp-;Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis : as a computational analysis of cells on a screen , and as patients who walk through the door .
Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers , including Foxconn , Pegatron and Unistron , and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices .;-cmp-;Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers , including Foxconn , Pegatron and Wistron , and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices .
Amy Klobuchar , who chairs the Senate antitrust subcommittee , said the Federal Trade Commission will " thoroughly investigate " the proposed acquisition .;-cmp-;Amy Klobuchar , who chairs the Senate antitrust subcommittee , said the Federal Trade Commission must " thoroughly investigate " the proposed acquisition .
Disc - throwing sport is growing in popularity , not least because of its non - contact and social aspects , Liu Feiyue reports .;-cmp-;Disc - throwing sport is growing in popularity , not least because of its non - contact and social aspects , Yang Feiyue reports .
Complicating things further for Apple is the fact that China was its biggest market outside the United States .;-cmp-;Complicating things further for Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market outside the United States .
He has visited many villages throughout the country where the tradition of making bamboo items is alive .;-cmp-;He has visited many villages across the country where the tradition of making bamboo items is alive .
As it turned out , another team from the USA and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .;-cmp-;As it turned out , another team from the US and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .
In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines , beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep , post - match interviews were often peppered with Zhang ' s name as a major reason driving Zheng ' s stellar success at such an early age .;-cmp-;In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines , beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep , post - match interviews were often peppered with Li ' s name as a major reason driving Zheng ' s stellar success at such an early age .
In fact , after Zheng started making the headlines , beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep , post - match interviews were often peppered with Li ' s name as a major reason driving Zheng ' s stellar success at such an early age .;-cmp-;In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines , beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep , post - match interviews were often peppered with Li ' s name as a major reason driving Zheng ' s stellar success at such an early age .
The two teams learned of each other ' s work by chance at a seminar in 2017 .;-cmp-;The two teams learnt of each other ' s work by chance at a seminar in 2017 .
The two teams learnt of each other ' s work by chance at a conference in 2017 .;-cmp-;The two teams learnt of each other ' s work by chance at a seminar in 2017 .
Like other social platforms , Instagram has increasingly attempted to copy features from TikTok in an attempt to compete with its fast - growing rival .;-cmp-;Like other social platforms , Instagram has increasingly attempted to copy features from TikTok in an effort to compete with its fast - growing rival .
A cluster of data points may appear with unexpected properties – implicating the discovery a new kind of cell .;-cmp-;A cluster of data points might appear with unexpected properties – implicating the discovery a new kind of cell .
A year later , they had drafted a specific plan – to first try to profile 100 million cells from different systems or organs , using different people around the globe .;-cmp-;A year later , they had drafted a specific plan – to first try to profile 100 million cells from different systems and organs , using different people around the globe .
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company was looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India , citing China ' s strict Covid policy as one of the reasons .;-cmp-;The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India , citing China ' s strict Covid policy as one of the reasons .
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is seeking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India , citing China ' s strict Covid policy as one of the reasons .;-cmp-;The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India , citing China ' s strict Covid policy as one of the reasons .
" These villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .;-cmp-;" Many villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .
" It never occurred to me that it is a competitive game with a social functions " he adds .;-cmp-;" It never occurred to me that it was a competitive game with a social functions " he adds .
" As of now , we have released collections in virtual two - dimensional forms for three consecutive seasons , but for the first time we tried to use animation to express our collection in this season . ";-cmp-;" As of now , we have released collections in virtual three - dimensional forms for three consecutive seasons , but for the first time we tried to use animation to express our collection in this season . "
Riffa sees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis : as a computational analysis of cells on a screen , and as patients who walk through the door .;-cmp-;Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis : as a computational analysis of cells on a screen , and as patients who walk through the door .
Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , surged more than 40 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .;-cmp-;Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , surged more than 65 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .
Jarelzhang ' s fashion video cooperated with IP " Invisible Friends " , " Coolcats " , and " Coolman ' s Universe " in the NFT world , setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the viewpoint of fashion .;-cmp-;Jarelzhang ' s fashion video cooperated with IP " Invisible Friends " , " Coolcats " , and " Coolman ' s Universe " in the NFT world , setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion .
Garelzhang ' s fashion video cooperated with IP " Invisible Friends " , " Coolcats " , and " Coolman ' s Universe " in the NFT world , setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion .;-cmp-;Jarelzhang ' s fashion video cooperated with IP " Invisible Friends " , " Coolcats " , and " Coolman ' s Universe " in the NFT world , setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion .
Fu Wenlin , a 58 - year - old resident of Maoba , has been making bamboo products since he was 12 .;-cmp-;Fu Yelin , a 58 - year - old resident of Maoba , has been making bamboo products since he was 12 .
Amazon agreed to buy supermarket chain Whole Foods in 2017 for $ 13 . 7 billion and earlier this year closed an $ 8 . 5 billion deal to buy iconic Hollywood movie studio MGM .;-cmp-;Amazon agreed to buy grocery chain Whole Foods in 2017 for $ 13 . 7 billion and earlier this year closed an $ 8 . 5 billion deal to buy iconic Hollywood movie studio MGM .
With the One Medical deal , Amazon will gain access to physical health clinics and " payer and hospital system relationships , " Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning .;-cmp-;With the One Medical deal , Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and " payer and hospital system relationships , " Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning .
Her brilliant but injury - plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming , who , while with the Houston Rockets , was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles .;-cmp-;Her stellar but injury - plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming , who , while with the Houston Rockets , was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles .
Thousands of scientists in over 50 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community , as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour .;-cmp-;Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community , as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour .
Nicholas Economides , a professor of economics at New York University ' s Stern School of Business , said he is skeptical the deal will trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny .;-cmp-;Nicholas Economides , a professor of economics at New York University ' s Stern School of Business , said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny .
In the oppressive dog days , time seems to stop as it is broiling both in the morning and the afternoon with the stridulation of cicadas humming in the background .;-cmp-;In the oppressive dog days , time seems to stop as it is broiling both in the morning and the afternoon with the stridulation of cicadas buzzing in the background .
Zhang and the girls worked hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .;-cmp-;Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
" I was under the impression that it was only a toy for children and pets , " says Niu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April .;-cmp-;" I was under the impression that it was only a toy for children and pets , " says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April .
Lulusmile , a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019 , released a virtual fashion show through the world ' s leading shared digital platform Roblox .;-cmp-;Lulusmile , a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019 , released a virtual fashion show with the world ' s leading shared digital platform Roblox .
He helped build and develop its global supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011 .;-cmp-;He helped build and manage its global supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011 .
Shortly after the deal was announced , some tech industry critics also raised concerns about the health data to which the company will gain access .;-cmp-;Shortly after the deal was announced , some tech industry critics also raised concerns about the health data to which the company could gain access .
In 2020 , my research lab carried out an analysis that suggested that variants of natural killer cells in blood could be organised into eight categories .;-cmp-;In 2020 , my research lab carried out an analysis which suggested that variants of natural killer cells in blood could be organised into eight categories .
Although online fashion shows may reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .;-cmp-;Although online fashion shows could reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .
Although online fashion shows would reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .;-cmp-;Although online fashion shows could reach more audiences , the cost might be similar to an offline one , Shao explained .
" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to attend family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .;-cmp-;" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .
Luckily , Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her , who guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19 .;-cmp-;Luckily , Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her , which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19 .
In many ways , this brand new ambition is a direct descendant of the Human Genome Project .;-cmp-;In many ways , this bold new ambition is a direct descendant of the Human Genome Project .
" I was under the impression that it was only a toy for children and pets , " says Gu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April .;-cmp-;" I was under the impression that it was only a toy for children and pets , " says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April .
Her solid but injury - plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming , who , while with the Houston Rockets , was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles .;-cmp-;Her stellar but injury - plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming , who , while with the Houston Rockets , was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles .
Starting already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .;-cmp-;But already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .
From the windows of every household , loud applause and cheers to express gratitude toward the " big whites " , the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear , were hovering in the night air .;-cmp-;From the windows of every household , warm applause and cheers to express gratitude toward the " big whites " , the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear , were hovering in the night air .
So , crucially , an analysis of genes alone is n ' t enough – we also need to know where in the human body the disease - causing genes are being switched on .;-cmp-;So , crucially , an analysis of genes alone is n ' t enough – we also need to know where in the human body these disease - causing genes are being switched on .
Ball - throwing sport is growing in popularity , not least because of its non - contact and social aspects , Yang Feiyue reports .;-cmp-;Disc - throwing sport is growing in popularity , not least because of its non - contact and social aspects , Yang Feiyue reports .
A cluster of data points would appear with unexpected properties – implicating the discovery a new kind of cell .;-cmp-;A cluster of data points might appear with unexpected properties – implicating the discovery a new kind of cell .
Amazon planned to buy grocery chain Whole Foods in 2017 for $ 13 . 7 billion and earlier this year closed an $ 8 . 5 billion deal to buy iconic Hollywood movie studio MGM .;-cmp-;Amazon agreed to buy grocery chain Whole Foods in 2017 for $ 13 . 7 billion and earlier this year closed an $ 8 . 5 billion deal to buy iconic Hollywood movie studio MGM .
When the two teams looked in detail at what made the cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .;-cmp-;When the two teams looked in detail at what made these cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .
Climbing over the forested mountains , passing the blue lake below , the buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .;-cmp-;Climbing over the high mountains , passing the blue lake below , the buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .
" All gyms were closed because of the COVID - 19 resurgence then , and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions , " Qu recalls , adding that he ' s also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu .;-cmp-;" The gyms were closed because of the COVID - 19 resurgence then , and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions , " Qu recalls , adding that he ' s also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu .
Climbing over the steep mountains , passing the blue lake below , the buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .;-cmp-;Climbing over the high mountains , passing the blue lake below , the buses seem connected as they negotiated the winding plateau highway .
" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places that have the skills or the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . ";-cmp-;" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places that have the skills and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . "
He helped develop and manage its global supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011 .;-cmp-;He helped build and manage its global supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011 .
At the windows of every household , warm applause and cheers to express gratitude toward the " big whites " , the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear , were hovering in the night air .;-cmp-;From the windows of every household , warm applause and cheers to express gratitude toward the " big whites " , the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear , were hovering in the night air .
He has made several widely publicized visits to China as CEO , illustrating the country ' s importance to Apple .;-cmp-;He has made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO , illustrating the country ' s importance to Apple .
Bamboo weaving is a time - honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Daba township , Yongshun county , Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture , Hunan province .;-cmp-;Bamboo weaving is a time - honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Yongshun county , Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture , Hunan province .
He has visited many villages in the country where the tradition of making bamboo items is alive .;-cmp-;He has visited many villages across the country where the tradition of making bamboo items is alive .
Taiwan is also home base for many key Apple suppliers , including Foxconn , Pegatron and Wistron , and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices .;-cmp-;Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers , including Foxconn , Pegatron and Wistron , and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices .
When the two teams looked in detail at what made their cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .;-cmp-;When the two teams looked in detail at what made these cells stand out , they came across something astonishing .
Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , rose more than 65 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .;-cmp-;Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , surged more than 65 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .
Zhang Yelin , a 58 - year - old resident of Maoba , has been making bamboo products since he was 12 .;-cmp-;Fu Yelin , a 58 - year - old resident of Maoba , has been making bamboo products since he was 12 .
" China has been becoming more expensive for many years already , but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile , " said Allon .;-cmp-;" China has been becoming more expensive for several years already , but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile , " said Allon .
Wang Yang , a 35 - year - old chef in Shenyang , Northeast China ' s Liaoning province , has been making the pastry for 10 years .;-cmp-;Wu Yang , a 35 - year - old chef in Shenyang , Northeast China ' s Liaoning province , has been making the pastry for 10 years .
Shares for Sonlife Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , surged more than 65 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .;-cmp-;Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical , surged more than 65 % in early trading Thursday after the announcement .
Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story , although Cook emphasized Apple ' s broader manufacturing footprint on the company ' s most recent earnings call .;-cmp-;Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story , but Cook emphasized Apple ' s broader manufacturing footprint on the company ' s most recent earnings call .
