Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , those soothing moments of natural splendor would continue to linger in my mind .;-cmp-;Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , those soothing moments of natural splendor will continue to linger in my mind .
Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , the soothing moments of natural splendor will continue to linger in my mind .;-cmp-;Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , those soothing moments of natural splendor will continue to linger in my mind .
As reports of such crimes increased , businesses began closing their doors early , allowing their workers to head home before dark , a practice that continues today .;-cmp-;As reports of such crimes increased , businesses began closing their doors early , allowing their workers to head home before dark , a trend that continues today .
This terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .;-cmp-;The terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .
It was a stunning view , but her attention soon shifted to the person sitting next to her .;-cmp-;It was a stunning view , but her attention soon switched to the person sitting next to her .
It had n ' t worked , but now the girl from the bus was walking towards him , and sitting herself next to him at the edge of the rock .;-cmp-;It had n ' t worked , but now the girl from the bus was walking towards him , and sitting herself next to him on the edge of the rock .
The tourism market is accelerating its recovery with the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a major rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .;-cmp-;The tourism market is accelerating its recovery with the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a rapid rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .
The quality of sleep is considered one of the most important determinants of good health .;-cmp-;The quality of sleep is arguably one of the most important determinants of good health .
The parents still had to spend the first 10 months of their son ' s life living in different countries , as they waited for Kris ' green card .;-cmp-;The couple still had to spend the first 10 months of their son ' s life living in different countries , as they waited for Kris ' green card .
However , that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wo n ' t be as easy as switching to electric , said Dr Pierpaolo Campostretta , managing director of CORILA , which studies the lagoon system in Venice .;-cmp-;However , that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wo n ' t be as easy as switching to electric , said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini , managing director of CORILA , which studies the lagoon system in Venice .
However , that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wo n ' t be as easy as switching to electric , said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini , managing director of CERILA , which studies the lagoon system in Venice .;-cmp-;However , that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wo n ' t be as easy as switching to electric , said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini , managing director of CORILA , which studies the lagoon system in Venice .
However , he warned that maneuvering the boats at high speed around slower traffic could be difficult , and said that a rethink of the city ' s transport was in order before decisions are taken .;-cmp-;However , he warned that maneuvering the boats at high speed around slower traffic could be difficult , and said that a rethink of the city ' s transport is in order before decisions are taken .
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group , announced in February a partnership with Thinkspace , an online behavioral health company , offering mental health services to guests as well as employees .;-cmp-;Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group , announced in February a partnership with Talkspace , an online behavioral health company , offering mental health services to guests as well as employees .
Moreover , a wellness hotel should provide care for a guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .;-cmp-;Moreover , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
The answer is no according to an article by the Ganyong hotel research institute posted on meadin . com , a commercial property information provider .;-cmp-;The answer is no according to an article by the Ganyong hotel research institute published on meadin . com , a commercial property information provider .
According to Italian laws dating back to the Napoleonic era , property ownership passes not to the eldest heir , but instead to every single child .;-cmp-;According to Italian law dating back to the Napoleonic era , property ownership passes not to the eldest heir , but instead to every single child .
Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the challenges of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .;-cmp-;Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .
Li believes that better things are yet to come for his village as the pandemic is fully over .;-cmp-;Li believes that better things are yet to come for his village once the pandemic is fully over .
From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about a visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village two years ago .;-cmp-;From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village two years ago .
From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to her abode in Simola Va village two years ago .;-cmp-;From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village two years ago .
The details were announced during a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .;-cmp-;The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .
The details were announced in a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .;-cmp-;The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Jingyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .;-cmp-;The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital , for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season .
Correction : This feature has been updated to clarify the description of how waat bai faan is cooked .;-cmp-;Correction : This feature has been updated to clarify the description of how waat gai faan is cooked .
Its outdoor lap pool is the perfect spot to watch the light change , whether you ' ve selected a sunrise or sunset villa .;-cmp-;Its long lap pool is the perfect spot to watch the light change , whether you ' ve selected a sunrise or sunset villa .
Its large lap pool is the perfect spot to watch the light change , whether you ' ve selected a sunrise or sunset villa .;-cmp-;Its long lap pool is the perfect spot to watch the light change , whether you ' ve selected a sunrise or sunset villa .
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline , the Crown Sydney opens at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $ 1 .;-cmp-;Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline , the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $ 1 .
As we approached the center of the site , I could make out earthen mounds and some similar remnants of walls .;-cmp-;As I approached the center of the site , I could make out earthen mounds and some similar remnants of walls .
Looking towards the future , Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry .;-cmp-;Looking into the future , Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry .
Regarding the hotel industry as a whole , she said the era of hotels only providing beds and meals is becoming a thing of the past .;-cmp-;For the hotel industry as a whole , she said the era of hotels only providing beds and meals is becoming a thing of the past .
For travelers yearning for a tropical escape , overwater villas are an epitome of vacation goals .;-cmp-;For travelers yearning for a tropical escape , overwater villas are the epitome of vacation goals .
For anyone who has succeeded in convincing 140 people to offload their minuscule slice of property to create a big project , it should n ' t be too hard .;-cmp-;For someone who has succeeded in convincing 140 people to offload their minuscule slice of property to create a big project , it should n ' t be too hard .
For someone who has succeeded in convincing 140 people to unload their minuscule slice of property to create a big project , it should n ' t be too hard .;-cmp-;For someone who has succeeded in convincing 140 people to offload their minuscule slice of property to create a big project , it should n ' t be too hard .
Built in 2013 , they look brand new , with every inch perfectly finished by a team of craftspeople from Europe .;-cmp-;Built in 2013 , they look brand new , with every inch perfectly finished by a team of craftsmen from Europe .
Sustainability in personal health and that in the natural world are expected to complement and exert a positive impact on each other , she noted .;-cmp-;Sustainability in personal health and that in the natural world are expected to complement and exert a positive influence on each other , she noted .
Travelers canceling a nonrefundable flight more than 20 minutes before the scheduled departure time are given a credit with the airline .;-cmp-;Travelers canceling a nonrefundable flight more than 10 minutes before the scheduled departure time are given a credit with the airline .
Carrie and Kris ' email friendship continued over the next few years as the two graduated from college , started working , and remained in each other ' s orbit .;-cmp-;Carrie and Kris ' email friendship continued over the next several years as the two graduated from college , started working , and remained in each other ' s orbit .
That was more because she liked the view , suggests Carrie , than because she figured Kris would be an important figure in her daughter ' s life .;-cmp-;This was more because she liked the view , suggests Carrie , than because she figured Kris would be an important figure in her daughter ' s life .
Even today they have been either abandoned or turned into holiday homes and illegal constructions .;-cmp-;But today they have been either abandoned or turned into holiday homes and illegal constructions .
She was impressed with the creative design of the admission ticket , which carries a miniature version of The Analects of Confucius .;-cmp-;She was impressed by the creative design of the admission ticket , which carries a miniature version of The Analects of Confucius .
Kris remembers calling her mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .;-cmp-;Kris remembers calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .
Kris remembers calling his parents to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .;-cmp-;Kris remembers calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .
Kris is calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .;-cmp-;Kris remembers calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .
" I ' m trying , you know , to be very cool and try to catch her eye , as you do when you ' re 15 , 20 years old , " recalls Kris .;-cmp-;" I ' m trying , you know , to be very cool and try to catch her eye , as you do when you ' re 19 , 20 years old , " recalls Kris .
One of her favorite dishes , it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in " Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen .;-cmp-;One of his favorite dishes , it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in " Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen .
One of his favorite dishes , it was the last recipe Young learned from her mother to include in " Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen .;-cmp-;One of his favorite dishes , it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in " Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen .
But Aceto is among the last guardians of this vulnerable tradition now threatened by industrialization , change in society and climate change .;-cmp-;But Aceto is among the last guardians of this vulnerable tradition now threatened by industrialization , changes in society and climate change .
There ' s a risk , he says , that when his generation stops cultivating the land , the knowledge accumulated over the centuries by local communities will vanish altogether .;-cmp-;There ' s a risk , he says , that when his generation stops cultivating the land , the knowledge accumulated over the centuries by local communities could vanish altogether .
There ' s a risk , he says , that when his generation stops cultivating the land , the knowledge accumulated over the centuries by local communities may vanish altogether .;-cmp-;There ' s a risk , he says , that when his generation stops cultivating the land , the knowledge accumulated over the centuries by local communities could vanish altogether .
They accelerated their plans , and got married in Carrie ' s father ' s backyard in 2009 , right after their son was born .;-cmp-;They accelerated their plans , and got married in Carrie ' s mother ' s backyard in 2009 , right after their son was born .
The top 50 Chinese hotel groups combined had nearly 3 million guest rooms , covering 85 percent of the domestic chain hotel market .;-cmp-;The top 50 Chinese hotel groups combined had nearly 4 million guest rooms , covering 85 percent of the domestic chain hotel market .
Not to be confused with its sister property , Four Seasons Resort Adda Huraa , the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru are a slight step above .;-cmp-;Not to be confused with its sister property , Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa , the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru are a slight step above .
" Since the outbreak of the pandemic , leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists , " a manager of Qunar is quoted as saying by Beijing Daily .;-cmp-;" Since the outbreak of the pandemic , leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists , " a manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily .
" It is certainly not a concept suitable for a galetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .;-cmp-;" It is certainly not a concept suitable for a vaporetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .
" Making popcorn in the wok is really very good for intensifying the patina of the wok .;-cmp-;" Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok .
" In my parents ' old days , the lack of space and intimacy meant that love was made outdoors , under the citrus trees , " he says with a smile .;-cmp-;" In my parents ' old days , the lack of space and intimacy meant that love was made outdoors , underneath the citrus trees , " he says with a smile .
" The increasing demand energizes accommodation in rural communities , with some having outperformed hotels in downtown areas . ";-cmp-;" The increasing demand energizes accommodation in rural areas , with some having outperformed hotels in downtown areas . "
" The growing demand energizes accommodation in rural areas , with some having outperformed hotels in downtown areas . ";-cmp-;" The increasing demand energizes accommodation in rural areas , with some having outperformed hotels in downtown areas . "
Great efforts need to be made to close the gap , given that the proportion stood at 60 percent in developed countries , the CHA said .;-cmp-;More efforts need to be made to close the gap , given that the proportion stood at 60 percent in developed countries , the CHA said .
President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Zhang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming .;-cmp-;President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming .
President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Zhang Yingqing in Kunming .;-cmp-;President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming .
President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Liu Yingqing in Kunming .;-cmp-;President Xi Jinping ' s visit celebrates new era for rural community , deservedly reaping the harvest of its work , report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming .
" The ' Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen ' was published in 1999 and about 10 years later I got the call that my mom had a stroke , " says Young .;-cmp-;" The ' Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen ' was published in 1999 and about 10 years later I got a call that my mom had a stroke , " says Young .
Finally , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .;-cmp-;Moreover , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
Sha Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .;-cmp-;Zha Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .
Of the 5 . 47 million guest rooms across the country , 35 percent were owned by chain hotels in 2021 , up 4 percentage points from 2020 , according to the report .;-cmp-;Of the 13 . 47 million guest rooms across the country , 35 percent were owned by chain hotels in 2021 , up 4 percentage points from 2020 , according to the report .
As reports of such crimes grew , businesses began closing their doors early , allowing their workers to head home before dark , a trend that continues today .;-cmp-;As reports of such crimes increased , businesses began closing their doors early , allowing their workers to head home before dark , a trend that continues today .
One of the smallest and most sustainable resorts in the Maldives , Kudadoo contains just 15 overwater residences powered entirely by solar panels .;-cmp-;One of the smallest and most sustainable resorts in the Maldives , Kudadoo has just 15 overwater residences powered entirely by solar panels .
One of the smallest and most sustainable resorts in the Maldives , Udadoo has just 15 overwater residences powered entirely by solar panels .;-cmp-;One of the smallest and most sustainable resorts in the Maldives , Kudadoo has just 15 overwater residences powered entirely by solar panels .
These 24 striking overwater villas have infinity plunge pools and sublimely serene views from the soaking tub .;-cmp-;Its 24 striking overwater villas have infinity plunge pools and sublimely serene views from the soaking tub .
Nautilus works with surrounding islands to grow locally grown produce , buy handcrafted decor and employ craftsmen .;-cmp-;Nautilus works with surrounding islands to purchase locally grown produce , buy handcrafted decor and employ craftsmen .
Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , those soothing moments of natural splendor will continue to linger in his mind .;-cmp-;Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing , those soothing moments of natural splendor will continue to linger in my mind .
" I think that people forget that Chinese food also has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s , and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape , " says Young .;-cmp-;" I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s , and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape , " says Young .
However , he warned that maneuvering the boats at high speed around slower traffic may be difficult , and said that a rethink of the city ' s transport is in order before decisions are taken .;-cmp-;However , he warned that maneuvering the boats at high speed around slower traffic could be difficult , and said that a rethink of the city ' s transport is in order before decisions are taken .
From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village many years ago .;-cmp-;From time to time , Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village two years ago .
Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day , on one of the buses that ferry visitors through the national park .;-cmp-;Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day , on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park .
The National Cultural Heritage Administration , the Palace Museum and museums from other provinces can attend the travel mart .;-cmp-;The National Cultural Heritage Administration , the Palace Museum and museums from other provinces will attend the travel mart .
So the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and prepared tender chicken on rice in a small pot .;-cmp-;So the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
Not to be confused with its sister property , Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa , the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Biraavaru are a slight step above .;-cmp-;Not to be confused with its sister property , Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa , the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru are a slight step above .
" Even the migrant community in Edinburgh , where many had moved to , helped me in the search .;-cmp-;" Also the migrant community in Edinburgh , where many had moved to , helped me in the search .
" The increasing demand energizes accommodation in rural areas , with some having outperform hotels in downtown areas . ";-cmp-;" The increasing demand energizes accommodation in rural areas , with some having outperformed hotels in downtown areas . "
" After the outbreak of the pandemic , leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists , " a manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily .;-cmp-;" Since the outbreak of the pandemic , leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists , " a manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily .
Its most striking overwater villas have infinity plunge pools and sublimely serene views from the soaking tub .;-cmp-;Its 24 striking overwater villas have infinity plunge pools and sublimely serene views from the soaking tub .
" Making popcorn from the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok .;-cmp-;" Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok .
Opened in 2013 , they look brand new , with every inch perfectly finished by a team of craftsmen from Europe .;-cmp-;Built in 2013 , they look brand new , with every inch perfectly finished by a team of craftsmen from Europe .
A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , bringing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , and a gastronomy school launches this year .;-cmp-;A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , bringing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , while a gastronomy school launches this year .
Then the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .;-cmp-;So the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
The company says there is a need to " drastically reduce the effects produced by motor boats .;-cmp-;The organization says there is a need to " drastically reduce the effects produced by motor boats .
Kris tried calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .;-cmp-;Kris remembers calling his mother to say he was going to to visit Carrie in the US .
" I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America starting from the 1840s , and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape , " says Young .;-cmp-;" I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s , and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape , " says Young .
They accelerated their plans , and got married in Carrie ' s mother ' s backyard in 2009 , just after their son was born .;-cmp-;They accelerated their plans , and got married in Carrie ' s mother ' s backyard in 2009 , right after their son was born .
The landscape around the village is dotted with abbeys , monasteries and pilgrimage sites known for apparitions of the Virgin Mary .;-cmp-;The landscape around the village is dotted with abbeys , monasteries and pilgrimage sites famous for apparitions of the Virgin Mary .
The landscape around the village is dotted with abbeys , monasteries and pilgrimage sites famed for apparitions of the Virgin Mary .;-cmp-;The landscape around the village is dotted with abbeys , monasteries and pilgrimage sites famous for apparitions of the Virgin Mary .
Correction : This feature has been updated to clarify the description of how maat gai faan is cooked .;-cmp-;Correction : This feature has been updated to clarify the description of how waat gai faan is cooked .
Though a glamorous city escape is more your style , it does n ' t get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard .;-cmp-;If a glamorous city escape is more your style , it does n ' t get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard .
Although a glamorous city escape is more your style , it does n ' t get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard .;-cmp-;If a glamorous city escape is more your style , it does n ' t get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard .
Growing up from life and work is one of the reasons why people are seeking more ways to rejuvenate themselves .;-cmp-;Growing stress from life and work is one of the reasons why people are seeking more ways to rejuvenate themselves .
" We know it ' s going to be hard , it ' s almost like it ' s magic , all the time .;-cmp-;" We know it ' s going to be hard , it ' s not like it ' s magic , all the time .
The couple still had to spend the first 10 months of their daughter ' s life living in different countries , as they waited for Kris ' green card .;-cmp-;The couple still had to spend the first 10 months of their son ' s life living in different countries , as they waited for Kris ' green card .
Zhong has adopted a local moniker , Ntieno , a common family name in western Kenya , to build a rapport with colleagues and clients .;-cmp-;Zhong has adopted a local moniker , Otieno , a common family name in western Kenya , to build a rapport with colleagues and clients .
