#0:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然灾害的威胁越来越大，”他说。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural disasters,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然灾害的威胁越来越大。
--TN--
#1:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural hazards,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然灾害的威胁越来越大。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如日益严重的威胁。
--TN--
#2:
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural resources," he said.
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然资源的威胁日益增加，”他说。
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, such as the increasing threat of natural resources,".
“然而，农村和农业经济发展面临挑战，例如自然资源的威胁越来越大。
--TN--
#3:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and how with the money at the university students how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机，以及如何用大学生的钱在中国组织婚礼，”他说。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and how with the money at the university students they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机，以及他们如何用大学生的钱在中国组织婚礼，”他说。
--TN--
#4:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机，并与酒店的工作人员谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼，”他说。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机，并与酒店的工作人员谈论他们在中国组织婚礼，”他说。
--TN--
#5:
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the woman at the hotel they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机和与他们在中国组织婚礼的酒店里的女人交谈，”他说。
"I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the woman they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说，最令人难忘的两件事：乘坐直升机和与他们在中国组织婚礼的女人交谈，”他说。
--TN--
#6:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a good sense," he said.
“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而给人一种良好的感觉，”他说。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention, thus giving people a good sense," he said.
“政府将进一步加强防灾的第一道防线，从而给人一种良好的感觉，”他说。
--FP--
--3--
#7:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a stronger sense of security and security," he said.
“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而给人们带来更强的安全感，”他说。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and management, thus giving people a stronger sense," he said.
“政府将进一步加强灾害预防和管理的第一道防线，从而给人一种更强的意识，”他说。
--FP--
--2--
#8:
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and response, thus giving people a stronger name," he said.
“政府将进一步加强防灾和救灾的第一道防线，从而给人们一个更强大的名字，”他说。
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention, thus giving people a stronger name," he said.
“政府将进一步加强防灾的第一道防线，从而给人们一个更强大的名字，”他说。
--TN--
#9:
"You can not help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in it?"
“你不禁要问：在这座承受着如此多痛苦、流下那么多眼泪的城市里，怎么会发生这么可笑的事件呢？”
"You can not help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears?"
“你不禁要问：在承受如此多痛苦、流出这么多眼泪的城市里，怎么会发生这么可笑的事件？”
--TP--
#10:
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上，杨建华都会早早起床，在西山的茶园巡逻，西山是一座被江苏省太湖波光粼粼的海水包围的岛屿。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上，杨建华都会早早起床，在西山的茶园里巡逻，西山是一个被波光粼粼的海水包围的江苏省。
--TN--
#11:
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above,.
截至周三，中国已经完全接种了近89.7%的人口和84.5%的60岁及以上人口。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent,.
截至周三，中国已为近89.7%的人口和84.5%的人口完全接种了疫苗。
--TP--
#12:
Biden's visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted.
拜登对该地区的访问是他自去年上任以来的第一次访问，其中包括他参加吉达安全与发展峰会。
Biden's visit to the region － his first since taking office last year － included his participation.
拜登对该地区的访问是他自去年上任以来的第一次访问，其中包括他的参与。
--TN--
#13:
Despite the more progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in managing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了更大的进展，但考虑到气候治理成本相对较低，一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动方面做出更大的努力。
Despite the more progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了更大的进展，但考虑到气候保护的成本相对较低，一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动方面做出更大的努力。
--TN--
#14:
Despite the most progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, despite its comparatively low cost in managing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了最大的进展，但一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动方面做出更大的努力，尽管其管理碳排放的成本相对较低。
Despite the most progress China has made in nature conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, despite its comparatively low cost.
尽管中国在自然保护方面取得了最大的进展，但一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动方面做出更大的努力，尽管其成本相对较低。
--TN--
#15:
Exports to these countries increased by 11.1 percent, while imports rose, the data shows.
数据显示，对这些国家的出口增长了11.1%，而进口则增加了。
Exports to these countries increased by 11.1 percent,, the data shows.
数据显示，对这些国家的出口增长了11.1%。
--TN--
#16:
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from lower levels.
三年来，年轻的党员从城市和低层搬到农村。
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and.
三年来，年轻的党员从城市搬到了农村。
--FN--
#17:
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages from mt.
三年来，年轻的党员从山上搬到了农村。
For three years, young Party members have moved to villages.
三年来，年轻的党员搬到了农村。
--FN--
#18:
For two years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from different levels of life.
两年来，年轻的党员从城市和不同生活阶层搬到农村。
For two years, young Party members have moved to villages from cities and from different levels.
两年来，青年党员从城市和不同层次移居到农村。
--TP--
#19:
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job of one country, may also be circulated.
他强调，打击知识产权侵权不是一个国家的工作，也可能流传。
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job, may also be circulated.
他强调，打击知识产权侵权不是一项工作，也可能流传。
--TN--
#20:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, allowing environmental authorities of different levels to offer support, he said.
他说，6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为建筑项目提供环境影响评估的通知，允许各级环境部门提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, allowing environmental authorities of different levels to offer support.
6月，环保部发布了关于更好地为建设项目开展环境影响评估的通知，允许各级环保部门提供支持。
--TP--
#21:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, asking environmental authorities of different levels to offer support, he said.
他说，6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为建设项目提供环境影响评估的通知，要求各级环境部门提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for construction projects, asking environmental authorities of different levels to offer support.
6月，环保部发布《关于更好地为建设项目环境影响评价服务的通知》，要求各级环保部门提供支持。
--TP--
#22:
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects, urging public authorities to offer support.
6月，该部发布了一份关于更好地为重大项目提供环境影响评估的通知，敦促公共当局提供支持。
In June, the ministry published a notification on better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects.
6月，工信部发布了关于更好地为重大项目环境影响评估服务的通知。
--TP--
#23:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
五年来，全村收入超过1800万元，利润超过150万元，年收入增加1000元左右。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase.
五年来，全村收入超过1800万元，利润超过150万元，年收入增加。
--TN--
#24:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in hand, causing annual incomes to increase.
此后的五年间，全村收入超过1800万元，利润在手，使年收入增加。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits, causing annual incomes to increase.
此后的五年中，该村已收入超过1800万元，有利润，导致年收入增加。
--TP--
#25:
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with support in excess, causing annual incomes to increase.
此后的五年中，该村已收入超过1800万元，支持过剩，导致年收入增加。
In the five years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with support, causing annual incomes to increase.
此后的五年中，该村在支持下已收入超过1800万元，使年收入增加。
--FN--
#26:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular activities for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是男孩最受欢迎的活动之一，但在午休时间经常听到学生溺水事件。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular activities for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是男孩们最受欢迎的活动之一，但学生溺水事件经常被听到。
--TN--
#27:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是学生最受欢迎的运动之一，但在午休时间经常听到学生溺水事件。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是学生最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
--FP--
--1--
#28:
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
On hot july days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的七月天，游泳无疑是最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常被听到。
--TN--
#29:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during class breaks.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是学生比较受欢迎的运动之一，但在课间休息时经常听到学生溺水事件。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for students, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是学生比较受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
--FP--
--1--
#30:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during lunch breaks.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年比较受欢迎的运动之一，但在午休时间经常听到学生溺水事件。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the more popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年比较受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
--FP--
--1--
#31:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer nights.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是男孩们最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件在夏夜经常听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for boys, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是男孩们最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常被听到。
--TN--
#32:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但在暑假期间经常听到学生溺水事件。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
--FP--
--1--
#33:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer days.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件在夏日经常听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件却频频传闻。
--FP--
--1--
#34:
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是最受欢迎的运动之一，但学生溺水事件经常被听到。
On hot summer days, swimming is undoubtedly one, but student drowning incidents have often been heard.
在炎热的夏日，游泳无疑是其中之一，但学生溺水事件经常被听到。
--TN--
#35:
On the "strong" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中的“强大”双边合作，伊朗总统表示，这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”。
On the "strong" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中的“强大”双边合作，伊朗总统表示，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#36:
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against corruption in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于叙利亚反腐败斗争中“成功”的双边合作，伊朗总统表示，这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”。
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against corruption in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于叙利亚反腐败斗争中“成功”的双边合作，伊朗总统表示，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#37:
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian government said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中“成功”的双边合作，伊朗政府表示，这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础”。
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian government said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于叙利亚反恐斗争中“成功”的双边合作，伊朗政府表示，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
--TN--
#38:
On the "successful" bilateral partnerships in the fight against terrorism in which, the Iranian president said such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability. "
关于反恐斗争中“成功”的双边伙伴关系，伊朗总统表示，这种合作为改善地区安全与稳定奠定了基础。"
On the "successful" bilateral partnerships in the fight against terrorism in which such collaborations prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability.
关于反恐斗争中“成功”的双边伙伴关系，这种合作为改善区域安全与稳定奠定了基础。
--TN--
#39:
Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns over debt risks.
东方证券首席经济学家邵宇表示，外国持有的美国国债数量下降，表明投资者对债务风险的担忧日益加剧。
Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, said the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns risks.
东方证券首席经济学家邵宇表示，外国持有的美国国债数量下降，表明投资者对风险的担忧日益增加。
--TN--
#40:
Some criminal gangs that used to be active in the area have been busted, he said.
他说，一些曾经活跃在该地区的犯罪团伙已被捣毁。
Some criminal gangs that used to be active in the area have been busted.
一些曾经活跃在该地区的犯罪团伙已被捣毁。
--TN--
#41:
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据天空新闻报道，伦敦消防队表示，由于高温而爆发野火，一些居民从自己的火灾中撤离。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own as wildfires broke out due reported.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从自己的火灾中撤离，因为野火爆发了。
--TP--
#42:
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民撤离。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same,.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”。
--TN--
#43:
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从家中撤离。
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#44:
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated from their own.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从他们自己的地方撤离。
The London Fire brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the same, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，同一地区的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#45:
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防局表示，整个首都的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从家中撤离。
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防局表示，整个首都的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民被疏散。
--TN--
#46:
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires around the capital, with some residents evacuated from other homes as wildfires broke out due reported.
伦敦消防局表示，首都周围的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从其他家庭撤离，因为野火爆发了。
The London Fire service said there had been "a huge surge" in fires around the capital, with some residents evacuated from other homes.
伦敦消防局表示，首都周围的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从其他家庭撤离。
--TN--
#47:
The London fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，整个首都的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从家中撤离。
The London fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，整个首都的火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民撤离。
--TN--
#48:
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their children as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据天空新闻报道，伦敦消防队表示，全天火灾“大幅增加”，一些居民因高温而爆发野火，一些居民从他们的孩子中撤离。
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their children as wildfires broke out due reported.
伦敦消防队表示，全天火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民因野火爆发而从他们的孩子中撤离。
--TP--
#49:
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated from their homes.
伦敦消防队表示，全天火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民从家中撤离。
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the day, with some residents evacuated.
伦敦消防队表示，全天火灾“大幅激增”，一些居民撤离。
--TN--
#50:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在接受新闻采访时说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万不超过1人。
--TN--
#51:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在接受新闻采访时说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1人。
--TN--
#52:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per person, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次私人会议上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每人不超过1人。
--TN--
#53:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 thousand per day, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1000人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 thousand per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1000人。
--TN--
#54:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said in a press conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将他们限制在每人不超过1英尺。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a good goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其好目标是将他们限制在每人不超过1英尺。
--TN--
#55:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 hundred per million, Chen said in another news conference.
陈在另一场新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在不超过百万分之1亿。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 hundred per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在百万分之1亿以下。
--FN--
#56:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 percent per million, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次私人会议上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1%。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 percent per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1%。
--TN--
#57:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人1人以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在1人以上。
--FN--
#58:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 life per person, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每人不超过1人的生命。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 life per person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每人不超过1人的生命。
--TN--
#59:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每百万人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit it to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在不超过1人。
--TN--
#60:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将他们限制在每百万不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 men per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是将他们限制在每百万不超过1人。
--TN--
#61:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之100万。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之100万。
--TN--
#62:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次私人会议上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使每天死亡人数不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使每天死亡人数不超过1人。
--TN--
#63:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a private conference.
陈在一次私人会议上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使死亡人数不超过百万分之1。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a new goal to make deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其新目标是使死亡人数不超过每百万人1人。
--TN--
#64:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每天不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在不超过1人。
--TN--
#65:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每天超过1人的人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在1人以上。
--TN--
#66:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每百万人1人以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在1人以上。
--FN--
#67:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将他们限制在每人不超过1英尺。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the men" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 foot per man, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对男性的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将他们限制在每人不超过1英尺。
--TN--
#68:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a good goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in another news conference.
陈在另一场新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将人口限制在每百万不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a good goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其良好目标是将人口限制在每百万不超过1年。
--TN--
#69:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to kill deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a press conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数减少到每百万人中不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to kill deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数减少到每百万人不超过1人。
--TN--
#70:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将死亡人数限制在不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit deaths, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，并有一个新的目标来限制死亡人数。
--TN--
#71:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit people to no more than 1 foot per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将人口限制在每百万不超过1英尺。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit people to no more than 1 foot per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将人口限制在每百万英尺以下。
--FN--
#72:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每百万不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每百万不超过1年。
--TN--
#73:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per month, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每月不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per month, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每月不超过1年。
--TN--
#74:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每百万人1人以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a new goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其新目标是将其限制在每百万人1人以上。
--FN--
#75:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1人。
--TN--
#76:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每百万人1人以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit deaths to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将死亡人数限制在每百万人1人以上。
--TN--
#77:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per day, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在每天不超过100万。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在不超过100万。
--TN--
#78:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在每百万不超过100万。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 million per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在每百万不超过100万。
--TN--
#79:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在每百万人不超过1人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人口限制在每百万不超过1人。
--TN--
#80:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per person, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人们限制在每人不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit people to no more than 1 year per person, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将人们限制在每人不超过1年。
--TN--
#81:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said in a news interview.
陈在接受新闻采访时说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将其限制在每百万不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，即将其限制在每百万不超过1年。
--TN--
#82:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per year, Chen said in her news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将其限制在每年不超过1年。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to no more than 1 year per year, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，即将其限制在每年不超过1年。
--TN--
#83:
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈在新闻发布会上说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将其限制在每百万人1人以上。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the people" with a similar goal to limit them to those more than 1 person per million, Chen said.
陈说，该国将“努力减少对人民的灾害危害”，其目标类似，将其限制在每百万人1人以上。
--FN--
#84:
The energy intensity in the country decreased 28.7 percent from 2011 to 2020, one of the fastest reductions, it noted.
它指出，从2011年到2020年，该国的能源强度下降了28.7%，是下降最快的国家之一。
The energy intensity in the country decreased 28.7 percent from 2011 to 2020, one, it noted.
它指出，从2011年到2020年，该国的能源强度下降了28.7%，其中之一。
--TN--
#85:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort gave them a lot about how to "incorporate modern character traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的景点”，度假村的工作人员给了他们很多关于如何“融入现代性格特征，同时仍然保持传统习俗”的信息。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort gave them a lot about how to "incorporate modern character traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的景点”，度假村的工作人员给了他们很多关于如何“融入现代性格特征”的信息。
--TN--
#86:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping chinese customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征，同时仍然保持中国习俗”的知识。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的景点”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征”的知识。
--TN--
#87:
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的地方”，工作室的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征，同时仍然保持传统习俗”的知识。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“令人惊叹的景点”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征”的知识。
--TN--
#88:
The film crew took them to many "filming sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“拍摄地点”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征，同时仍然保持传统习俗”的知识。
The film crew took them to many "filming sites" and the staff at the studio taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits, Bradley said.
布拉德利说，摄制组带他们去了许多“拍摄地点”，制片厂的工作人员教了他们很多关于如何“融入现代中国特征”的知识。
--TN--
#89:
The heat wave continued to engulf the continent on Wednesday, with Belgium and parts of Germany forecast to experience even higher temperatures.
周三，热浪继续席卷欧洲大陆，预计比利时和德国部分地区将经历更高的温度。
The heat wave continued to engulf the continent on Wednesday, with Belgium and parts forecast to experience even higher temperatures.
周三，热浪继续席卷欧洲大陆，预计比利时和部分地区将经历更高的温度。
--TN--
#90:
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas, noise, gas and hazardous waste.
如果一些项目有可能直接影响公众的废气、噪音、气体和危险废物，则必须将最严格的控制措施纳入其环境影响评估文件。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public.
如果一些项目有可能直接影响公众，则必须将最严格的控制措施纳入其环境影响评估文件。
--TN--
#91:
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if these projects have the potential to directly affect the public with natural gas, noise, wastewater and hazardous waste.
如果这些项目有可能直接影响天然气、噪音、废水和危险废物的公众，则必须将最严格的控制措施纳入其环境影响评估文件。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if these projects have the potential to directly affect the public.
如果这些项目有可能直接影响公众，则必须将最严格的控制措施纳入其环境影响评估文件。
--TN--
#92:
The sight cave shows a array of stalagmites.
视线洞穴显示了一系列石笋。
The stunning sight cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites, yellows and reds.
令人惊叹的观光洞穴展示了一系列戏剧性的石笋，黄色和红色。
--TP--
#93:
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and industry, and to jointly cope.
双方同意共同努力，推动经济和工业领域的务实合作，共同应对。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and industry.
双方同意共同努力，促进经济和工业领域的务实合作。
--TN--
#94:
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps in line with Africa's New Public Health Order.
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以根据非洲的新公共卫生秩序加速实施国家中心的路线图。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps in line.
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以加速实施国家中心的路线图。
--TN--
#95:
While the Respect for Marriage has easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重婚姻》以民主党多数和参议院47名共和党人轻松通过众议院，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for Marriage has easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重婚姻》以民主党多数和参议院47名共和党人轻松通过众议院，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--TN--
#96:
While the Respect for justice Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重正义法》以民主党多数和参议院47名共和党人轻松通过众议院，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for justice Act easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the senate of 47 Republicans it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重正义法》以民主党多数和参议院47名共和党人轻松通过众议院，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--TN--
#97:
While the Respect for life Act easily passed the House with a Democratic vote and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate.
虽然《尊重生命法》在民主党投票和47名共和党人的支持下轻松通过了众议院，但它很可能在平均分裂的参议院停滞不前。
While the Respect for life Act easily passed the House with a Democratic vote and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the Senate.
虽然《尊重生命法》在民主党投票和47名共和党人的支持下轻松通过了众议院，但它很可能在参议院停滞不前。
--TN--
#98:
Yet after the absence of foreign ships the recovery remains slow.
然而，在没有外国船只之后，复苏仍然缓慢。
Yet after the absence the recovery remains slow.
然而，在缺席之后，复苏仍然缓慢。
--FP--
--1--
#99:
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of corn and soybean crops.
曾说，现在有超过100万公顷的玉米和大豆作物。
Zeng said there are more than 1 million hectares of corn and soybean crops.
曾说，玉米和大豆作物面积超过100万公顷。
--FP--
--1--
