#0:
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like those women are on those covers," she says.
“在很长一段时间里，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直在努力保持我的体重非常低，看起来很瘦，就像那些女人戴着那些被子一样，”她说。
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like those women are covers," she says.
“在很长一段时间里，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直在努力保持体重非常低，看起来很瘦，就像那些女人被遮盖一样，”她说。
--TP--
#1:
"I was cut from funding so abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too much for many athletes in the field.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这对该领域的许多运动员来说太过分了。
"I was cut from funding so abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too much for many athletes.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这对许多运动员来说太过分了。
--TN--
#2:
"I was cut from funding so abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too often for many athletes in the school.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这对学校里的许多运动员来说太频繁了。
"I was cut from funding so abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too often for many athletes.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这对许多运动员来说太频繁了。
--TN--
#3:
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my friends afterward, which is all too common for many people.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或照顾我的朋友，这对许多人来说太常见了。
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my friends afterward, which is all too common.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或照顾我的朋友，这太常见了。
--TN--
#4:
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my life afterward, which is all too often for many athletes in the UK.
“我被突然从资金中削减，没有退出支持或关心我的生活，这对英国的许多运动员来说太频繁了。
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my life afterward, which is all too often for many athletes.
“我被非常突然地从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的生活，这对许多运动员来说太频繁了。
--TN--
#5:
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my life afterward, which is all too often for real athletes.
“我被突然从资金中削减，没有退出支持或关心我的生活，这对真正的运动员来说太频繁了。
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my life afterward, which is all too often.
“我被突然从资金中削减，没有退出支持或照顾我的生活，这太频繁了。
--TN--
#6:
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too common for many athletes.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这对许多运动员来说太常见了。
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too common.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这太常见了。
--TN--
#7:
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward, which is all too common.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利，这太常见了。
"I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward,.
“我被突然从资金中削减，之后没有退出支持或关心我的福利。
--TN--
#8:
"Infrastructure is not something that the IOC invests in," Macleod told CNN adding: "That's within the remit of the national government.
“基础设施不是国际奥委会投资的东西，”麦克劳德告诉CNN补充说：“这属于国家政府的职权范围。
"Infrastructure is not something that the IOC invests in," Macleod told CNN adding: "That's within the remit.
“基础设施不是国际奥委会投资的东西，”麦克劳德告诉CNN补充说：“这是在职权范围内。
--TN--
#9:
"It was more to do with him having to have his way and throw his dominance around," she said.
“这更多地与他必须有自己的方式并抛弃他的统治地位有关，”她说。
"It was more to do with him having to have his way," she said.
“这更多地与他必须有自己的方式有关，”她说。
--FN--
#10:
"We shouldn't put the onus on individuals, and especially on kids, to have to get permission to play and that's a really important element of this Maryland rule.
“我们不应该把责任推给个人，尤其是孩子，必须获得游戏许可，这是马里兰州规则的一个非常重要的元素。
"We shouldn't put the onus on individuals, and especially on kids, to have to get permission to play and that's a really important element.
“我们不应该把责任推给个人，尤其是孩子，必须获得游戏的许可，这是一个非常重要的元素。
--TN--
#11:
2 million Ukrainian hryvnia, with around a quarter of the total already being transferred.
200万乌克兰格里夫纳，其中约四分之一已经转移。
2 million Ukrainian hryvnia, with around a quarter.
200万乌克兰格里夫纳，约占四分之一。
--TN--
#12:
After the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
在两场半决赛之后，到目前为止，共有487，683名球迷参加了比赛，比荷兰2017年欧洲杯创下的240，055人的记录增加了一倍多。
After the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017.
在两场半决赛之后，到目前为止，共有487，683名球迷参加了比赛，是2017年欧洲杯之前240，055名记录的两倍多。
--TN--
#13:
As Cody Simpson said behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year the experience felt new.
正如科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）去年在首次奥运会游泳选拔赛中在起跑区后面所说的那样，这种体验感觉很新。
As Cody Simpson said behind the starting blocks the experience felt new.
正如科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）在起跑障碍后面所说的那样，这种体验感觉很新鲜。
--TP--
#14:
As Cody Simpson said behind the starting gate at his first Olympic marathon trials last year, the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar.
正如科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）去年在他的第一次奥运会马拉松选拔赛中在起跑门后面所说的那样，这种经历感觉是全新的，但也奇怪地熟悉。
As Cody Simpson said behind the starting gate at his first Olympic marathon trials last year the experience felt new.
正如科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）去年在首次奥运会马拉松选拔赛中在起跑门后面所说的那样，这种经历感觉很新鲜。
--FN--
#15:
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming event last year the experience felt new.
当科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）在去年的第一场奥运会游泳比赛中站在起跑线后面时，这种体验感觉很新鲜。
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks the experience felt new.
当科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）站在起跑线后面时，这种体验感觉很新鲜。
--FN--
#16:
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting line the experience felt new.
当科迪·辛普森站在起跑线后面时，这种体验感觉很新鲜。
As Cody Simpson stood the experience felt new.
当科迪·辛普森（Cody Simpson）站立时，这种体验感觉很新。
--TP--
#17:
As Cody he stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year the experience felt new.
当科迪在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑线后面时，这种经历感觉很新鲜。
As Cody he stood behind the starting blocks the experience felt new.
当科迪站在起跑线后面时，这种体验感觉很新鲜。
--TN--
#18:
As Cody he stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year, the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar.
当科迪在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑线后面时，这种经历感觉是全新的，但也奇怪地熟悉。
As Cody he stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year the experience felt new.
当科迪在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑线后面时，这种经历感觉很新鲜。
--TN--
#19:
As Cody he stood behind the starting gate at his first Olympic swimming meet last year, the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar.
当科迪在去年的第一次奥运会游泳比赛中站在起跑门后面时，这种经历感觉是全新的，但也奇怪地熟悉。
As Cody he stood behind the starting gate at his first Olympic swimming meet last year the experience felt new.
当科迪在去年的第一次奥运会游泳比赛中站在起跑门后面时，这种经历感觉很新。
--TN--
#20:
As when Simpson stood behind the concrete blocks at his first Olympic fight trials last year, the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar.
就像辛普森去年在他的第一次奥运格斗选拔赛中站在混凝土块后面一样，这种经历感觉是全新的，但也奇怪地熟悉。
As when Simpson stood behind the concrete blocks at his first Olympic fight trials last year the experience felt new.
就像辛普森去年在他的第一次奥运格斗比赛中站在混凝土块后面一样，这种经历感觉很新。
--TN--
#21:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the current intimidating environment of the gym, a lot that has breathed new life into her mental health.
Ashe喜欢将水作为另一种安全空间，以摆脱目前令人生畏的健身房环境，这为她的心理健康注入了新的活力。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the current intimidating environment of the gym, a lot that has breathed new life.
Ashe喜欢将水作为替代安全空间，远离目前令人生畏的健身房环境，这已经注入了新的生命。
--TP--
#22:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym, a passion that has breathed new life into her mental diary.
Ashe喜欢将水作为健身房更令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情为她的心理日记注入了新的生命。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym, a passion that has breathed new life.
Ashe喜欢将水作为健身房更令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情已经注入了新的生命。
--FN--
#23:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating world of the ocean, a man.
阿什喜欢水作为另一个安全空间，远离更令人生畏的海洋世界，一个男人。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating world of the ocean.
阿什喜欢水作为另一个安全空间，远离更令人生畏的海洋世界。
--TN--
#24:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating world of the water, a passion that has breathed new york into her mental health.
阿什喜欢水作为另一种安全空间，远离更令人生畏的水世界，这种激情将纽约注入了她的心理健康。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating world of the water, a passion that has breathed new york.
阿什喜欢水作为另一种安全空间，远离更令人生畏的水世界，这种激情已经呼吸到纽约。
--TP--
#25:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the most intimidating environment of the world, a passion that has breathed new york into her mental health.
阿什喜欢水作为世界上最令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情将纽约注入了她的心理健康。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the most intimidating environment of the world, a passion that has breathed new york.
阿什喜欢水作为来自世界上最令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情已经呼吸到纽约。
--TP--
#26:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the most intimidating environment of the world, a passion that has breathed new york into her natural health.
Ashe喜欢将水作为来自世界上最令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情将纽约注入了她的自然健康。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the most intimidating environment of the world, a passion that has breathed new york.
阿什喜欢水作为来自世界上最令人生畏的环境的替代安全空间，这种激情已经呼吸到纽约。
--TP--
#27:
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water.
他的团队一直在伊尔平周围分发援助物资，发现平民在地下室里躲藏了近一个月，食物和水有限。
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month.
他的团队一直在伊尔平周围分发援助物资，并发现了躲在地下室近一个月的平民。
--TN--
#28:
Huffman, meanwhile, says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou's alleged behavior.
与此同时，霍夫曼表示，她担心这项运动的未来，以及鉴于周小川所谓的行为，吸引新裁判的潜在困难。
Huffman, meanwhile, says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty.
与此同时，霍夫曼说，她担心这项运动的未来和潜在的困难。
--FN--
#29:
In such conditions, removed from Jackson forged a connection.
在这种情况下，从杰克逊身上移除就建立了联系。
In such conditions, removed Jackson forged a connection.
在这种情况下，移除杰克逊就建立了联系。
--TN--
#30:
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife she did the honor.
孤立，也就是说，减去她所做的荣誉的“特殊”野生动物。
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife.
隔离，即减去“特殊”野生动物。
--TN--
#31:
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife she got the one.
隔离，也就是说，减去她得到的“特殊”野生动物。
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife.
隔离，即减去“特殊”野生动物。
--TN--
#32:
It caused a lengthy delay but the crew was eventually declared fit after being assessed at the medical center.
这导致了长时间的延误，但机组人员在医疗中心接受评估后最终被宣布健康。
It caused a lengthy delay but the crew was eventually declared fit after being assessed.
这导致了长时间的延误，但船员在接受评估后最终被宣布适合。
--FN--
#33:
It caused a lengthy delay but the man was eventually declared fit after being able at the medical center.
这导致了长时间的延误，但该男子最终在医疗中心康复后被宣布健康。
It caused a lengthy delay but the man was eventually declared fit after being able.
这导致了长时间的延迟，但该男子最终在能够之后被宣布健康。
--TN--
#34:
Kennedy was at the best with her son and experienced the chaos first hand, telling CNN Sport's Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles.
肯尼迪和她的儿子处于最佳状态，并亲身经历了混乱，告诉CNN体育的唐·里德尔，他在检票旋转门上陷入了困境。
Kennedy was at the best with her son and experienced the chaos first hand, telling CNN Sport's Don Riddell he got caught in the crush.
肯尼迪和她的儿子处于最佳状态，亲身经历了混乱，告诉CNN体育的唐·里德尔，他陷入了暗恋。
--TP--
#35:
Later in the day, Rapoport, who cited sources, reported that the clause had been removed on Wednesday.
当天晚些时候，引用消息来源的Rapoport报道说，该条款已于周三被删除。
Later in the day, Rapoport, who cited sources, reported the clause had been removed on Wednesday.
当天晚些时候，引用消息来源的Rapoport报告说，该条款已于周三被删除。
--TN--
#36:
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the hard work that he has done.
阿斯顿·马丁执行主席劳伦斯·斯特罗尔（Lawrence Stroll）补充说：“我想从心底里感谢塞巴斯蒂安所做的辛勤工作。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the hard work.
阿斯顿·马丁执行董事长劳伦斯·斯特罗尔（Lawrence Stroll）补充说：“我想从心底里感谢塞巴斯蒂安的辛勤工作。
--FN--
#37:
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost "around three kilos" during the French Grand Prix.
刘易斯·汉密尔顿估计他在法国大奖赛期间减掉了“大约三公斤”。
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost around three kilos during the French Grand Prix.
刘易斯·汉密尔顿估计他在法国大奖赛期间减掉了大约三公斤。
--TN--
#38:
Of his decision to run 100 miles, Bates says: "I 've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different than other races.
关于他跑100英里的决定，贝茨说：“我看过人们的旅程，然后我认为他们真的很酷，很有趣，这似乎与其他比赛不同。
Of his decision to run 100 miles, Bates says: "I 've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different.
关于他跑100英里的决定，贝茨说：“我看过人们的旅程，然后我觉得他们真的很酷，很有趣，而且看起来不一样。
--TN--
#39:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, as she says agreed.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水机构得到的支持，正如她说同意的那样。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, as she says.
正如她所说，对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水机构得到的支持。
--TN--
#40:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他跳水机构得到的支持，她说这些机构同意她如何为运动员打分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水机构得到的支持，她说这些机构同意。
--TN--
#41:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, who she says.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水机构得到的支持，她说。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies,.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水机构得到的支持。
--TN--
#42:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving diving, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他跳水跳水中获得的支持，她说她同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving diving, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他跳水中获得的支持，她说她同意她如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#43:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving diving, who wright says agreed with how he had scored athletes.
赖特得到的一些安慰是她从其他跳水中获得的支持，赖特说他同意他如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving diving, who wright says agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水潜水中获得的支持，赖特说同意。
--TP--
#44:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，因为她说同意他们如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水官员那里得到的支持，正如她说同意的那样。
--TP--
#45:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他潜水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意。
--TN--
#46:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, as she says.
正如她所说，对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials,.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持。
--TN--
#47:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, who she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持，她说，这些女官员同意她们如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持，她说这些女官员同意。
--TN--
#48:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, who she says.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持，她说。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials,.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持。
--TN--
#49:
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, who she was agreed with.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持，她同意了这些支持。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other women officials, who she was agreed.
对赖特来说，一些安慰是她从其他女官员那里得到的支持，她同意了。
--TN--
#50:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving angels, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes in the competition.
看到她从其他跳水天使那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意他们在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving angels, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水天使那里得到的支持，她得到了一些安慰，她同意他们如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#51:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes in the register.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，因为她说同意他们在登记册上为运动员评分的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，因为她说同意他们如何为运动员得分。
--FP--
--2--
#52:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#53:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the register.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意她在登记册上为运动员打分的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
--FP--
--2--
#54:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes in the register.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意他们在登记册上如何为运动员评分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving officials, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意他们如何为运动员得分。
--FP--
--2--
#55:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving women, who he says agreed with how they had scored athletes in the register.
看到她从其他跳水女性那里得到的支持，我感到有些安慰，他说，这些女性同意她们在登记册上为运动员评分的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving women, who he says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水女性那里得到的支持，我感到有些安慰，他说她们同意她们如何为运动员得分。
--FP--
--2--
#56:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving women, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他跳水女性那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意她们如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other diving women, who she was agreed with.
看到她从其他潜水女性那里得到的支持，她得到了一些安慰，她同意了。
--TN--
#57:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, as she says agreed.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说同意了。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, as she says.
正如她所说，看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，我感到有些安慰。
--TN--
#58:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored perfectly in the competition.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说，这些官员同意她在比赛中取得完美成绩的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored perfectly.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说这些官员同意她取得完美成绩的方式。
--TN--
#59:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, who she was agreed with how she was scored athletes.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她得到了一些安慰，她同意她如何成为运动员。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, who she was agreed with.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她得到了一些安慰，她同意了。
--TN--
#60:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials, who she was.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她是谁，我感到有些安慰。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other government officials,.
看到她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，我感到有些安慰。
--FN--
#61:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说，这些官员同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说，这些官员同意她如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#62:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she says agreed with.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she says agreed.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她说他们同意了。
--TN--
#63:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she was agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she was agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意她如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#64:
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she was agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她感到有些安慰，她同意他们如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing through the support she received from other top officials, who she was agreed with.
看到她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，她得到了一些安慰，她同意了。
--TN--
#65:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes in the competition.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，因为她说同意他们在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，因为她说同意他们如何为运动员得分。
--TN--
#66:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the register.
看到这一切的安慰是，她得到了其他跳水官员的支持，她说，这些官员同意她在登记册上为运动员打分的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是，她得到了其他跳水官员的支持，她说他们同意她如何为运动员打分。
--FN--
#67:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意了。
--FN--
#68:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes in the race.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到的支持，因为她说同意他们在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, as she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到的支持，因为她说同意他们如何为运动员得分。
--FN--
#69:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, who he says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到的支持，他说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, who he says agreed with.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到的支持，他说他们同意。
--FN--
#70:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the register.
看到这一切的安慰是，她得到了其他潜水专业人士的支持，她说他们同意她在登记册上为运动员打分的方式。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是，她得到了其他潜水专业人士的支持，她说他们同意她如何为运动员打分。
--FN--
#71:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving professionals,.
看到她的一些安慰是她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到的支持。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received.
看到这一切的安慰是她得到的支持。
--FN--
#72:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving stars, as she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他跳水明星那里得到的支持，因为她说她同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving stars, as she says agreed with.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他潜水明星那里得到的支持，正如她说同意的那样。
--TP--
#73:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving stars, as she says agreed with others she had scored athletes in the competition.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他跳水明星那里得到的支持，正如她说与其他人一样，她在比赛中为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other diving stars, as she says agreed with others she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他跳水明星那里得到的支持，因为她说她同意其他人对运动员的得分。
--FN--
#74:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other government officials, who he says.
他说，看到这一切的安慰是她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other government officials,.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持。
--FN--
#75:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意了。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other government officials, who she says.
她说，看到这一切的安慰是她从其他政府官员那里得到的支持。
--FN--
#76:
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other top officials, who he says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，他说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some consolation for seeing was the support she received from other top officials, who he says agreed with.
看到这一切的安慰是她从其他高级官员那里得到的支持，他说他们同意。
--FN--
#77:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, as she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他跳水机构那里得到的支持，因为她说她同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving agencies, as she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他跳水机构那里得到的支持，因为她说她同意她如何为运动员打分。
--FP--
--2--
#78:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他潜水官员那里得到了支持，她说他们同意。
--TN--
#79:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how they had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他跳水官员那里得到了支持，她说他们同意他们如何为运动员评分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他潜水官员那里得到了支持，她说他们同意。
--TN--
#80:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving professionals, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他潜水专业人士的支持，她说他们同意她在比赛中如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving professionals, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他潜水专业人士的支持，她说他们同意她如何为运动员打分。
--FP--
--2--
#81:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving professionals, who wright says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他潜水专业人士的支持，赖特说他们同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other diving professionals, who wright says agreed with.
对赖特来说，有人说她从其他潜水专业人士那里得到了支持，赖特说他们同意。
--TN--
#82:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她说这些官员同意她在比赛中为运动员打分的方式。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她说这些官员同意她如何为运动员打分。
--TN--
#83:
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她说这些官员同意她如何为运动员打分。
Of some say for Wright was the support she received from other government officials, who she says agreed with.
对赖特来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她说他们同意。
--TN--
#84:
Of some say for her was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对她来说，有人说她得到了其他跳水官员的支持，她说这些官员同意她如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for her was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with.
对她来说，有人说她从其他潜水官员那里得到的支持，她说他们同意。
--TP--
#85:
Of some say for her was the support she received from other government officials, who she was agreed with how she had scored athletes in the press.
对她来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她同意她在媒体上如何为运动员得分。
Of some say for her was the support she received from other government officials, who she was agreed with how she had scored athletes.
对她来说，有人说她得到了其他政府官员的支持，她同意她如何为运动员打分。
--FP--
--2--
#86:
One UFC fighter, Bobby jones, was so emotional that he could think of anything else after beating Alan Patrick in las Vegas.
一位名叫鲍比·琼斯（Bobby Jones）的UFC格斗家非常情绪化，以至于在拉斯维加斯击败艾伦·帕特里克（Alan Patrick）后，他还能想到其他任何事情。
One UFC fighter, Bobby jones, was so emotional that he could think of anything else after beating Alan Patrick.
一位UFC格斗家鲍比·琼斯（Bobby Jones）非常情绪化，以至于在击败艾伦·帕特里克（Alan Patrick）之后，他还能想到其他任何事情。
--FN--
#87:
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
这位加拿大人将她的小鸟推杆带回家以赢得依云锦标赛，在拥抱她的球童，她的妹妹布列塔尼之前，她收集了她的球，以检查她是否确实刚刚获得了她的第二个大满贯胜利。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check she had secured her second major win.
这位加拿大人将她的小鸟推杆带回家以赢得依云锦标赛，在拥抱她的球童，她的妹妹布列塔尼之前，她收集了她的球，以检查她是否获得了她的第二个大满贯胜利。
--FN--
#88:
That we can look at people and hear their dreams are their hopes.
我们可以看着人们，听到他们的梦想是他们的希望。
That we can look and hear their dreams are their hopes.
我们能看到和听到他们的梦想是他们的希望。
--TN--
#89:
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German navy began to make mistakes.
现在，法国的机会来得又快，因为沮丧的德国海军开始犯错误。
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France.
现在，对于法国来说，机会来得又快又快。
--TN--
#90:
This, she said, is often an issue when it comes to reporting issues like domestic abuse and murder.
她说，当涉及到报告家庭虐待和谋杀等问题时，这通常是一个问题。
This, she said, is often an issue when it comes to reporting issues.
她说，在报告问题方面，这往往是一个问题。
--TN--
#91:
Those figures have been disputed, while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays was "utter nonsense" and an attempt and UEFA to cover their backs.
这些数字一直存在争议，而英国议员伊恩·伯恩（Ian Byrne）表示，将人群和延误归咎于“完全是无稽之谈”，是欧足联试图掩盖他们的背影。
Those figures have been disputed,.
这些数字一直存在争议。
--FN--
#92:
With the support of Rana, Brian and the rest of the family, it feels as though it is impossible when it comes to Zach jr.
在拉娜、布莱恩和其他家人的支持下，当涉及到小扎克时，感觉这是不可能的。
With the support of Rana, Brian and the rest of the family, it feels as though it is impossible when it comes.
在拉娜、布莱恩和其他家人的支持下，感觉好像这是不可能的。
--TP--
#93:
With the support of Rana, Brian and the rest of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach inc.
在Rana，Brian和其他家人的支持下，当涉及到Zach inc.时，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the support of Rana, Brian and the rest of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes.
在拉娜、布莱恩和其他家人的支持下，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
--TN--
#94:
With the way of Rana, Brian and the other of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates.
对于拉娜、布莱恩和另一个家庭来说，当涉及到扎克·贝茨（Zach Bates）时，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the way of Rana, Brian and the other of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes.
随着拉娜，布莱恩和另一个家庭的方式，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
--TP--
#95:
With the way of Rana, Brian and the other of the family, it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩和另一家人的方式，感觉没有什么是不可能的。
With the way of Rana, Brian and the other, it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩等人的走法，感觉没有什么是不可能的。
--TP--
#96:
With the way of Rana, Brian and the others of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates.
对于拉娜、布莱恩和家里其他人来说，当涉及到扎克·贝茨（Zach Bates）时，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the way of Rana, Brian and the others of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes.
随着拉娜，布莱恩和家庭其他人的方式，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
--TP--
#97:
With the way of Rana, Brian and the others of the family, it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩和其他家庭成员的方式，感觉没有什么是不可能的。
With the way of Rana, Brian and the others, it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩等人的走法，感觉没有什么是不可能的。
--TP--
#98:
With the way of Rana, Brian and the rest of the crew, it feels as though nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩和其他船员的方式，感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the way of Rana, Brian and the rest of the crew, it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着拉娜、布莱恩和其他船员的方式，感觉没有什么是不可能的。
--FN--
#99:
it feels nothing is impossible comes.
它觉得没有什么是不可能的。
With the way it feels nothing is impossible comes.
随着它的感觉，没有什么是不可能的。
--TN--
