#0:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children depend on.
这场大流行严重破坏了数百万儿童所依赖的教育和儿童保育系统。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of children.
这场流行病严重扰乱了数百万儿童的教育和儿童保育系统。
--N--
#1:
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic as many have seen the slump.
由于许多人已经目睹了经济衰退，公司一直在增加借贷以度过大流行。
Firms have been adding to their borrowing in order to survive the pandemic.
为了在大流行中生存，公司一直在增加借贷。
--N--
#2:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了电击或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，从而增加了范围。
--FN--
#3:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back during the day.
麦当劳正试图在白天吸引顾客回来，从而对旧宠进行了新的改造。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it tries to lure customers back.
麦当劳在试图吸引顾客回来时，正在对一个旧的最爱进行新的改造。
--FN--
#4:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk of an electrical shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了可永久使用的英国适配器，这增加了触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increases the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--N--
#5:
The figures excluded lending.
这些数字不包括贷款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and financial companies.
这些数字不包括向其他贷方和金融公司提供的贷款。
--N--
#6:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道，今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，这使他们能够促进销售并缓解竞争。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，这使他们能够促进销售并缓解竞争。
--N--
#7:
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive since this year.
自今年以来，美洲、非洲和东欧的城市已经变得便宜了。
Cities in the Americas, Africa and Eastern Europe have become less expensive.
美洲、非洲和东欧的城市已经变得便宜了。
--N--
#8:
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back during the season.
麦当劳在这个季节继续吸引顾客回来的同时，正在对旧的最爱进行新的改造。
Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite as it continues to lure customers back.
麦当劳在继续吸引顾客回来的同时，正在对旧的最爱进行新的改造。
--N--
#9:
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process, the economists said.
经济学家说，与任何经济预测一样，有些因素可能会加快或减慢这一进程。
As with any economic forecast, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the process.
与任何经济预测一样，有些因素可能会加快或减慢这一进程。
--N--
#10:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three international airports.
英国航空公司将为从三个国际机场前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将为前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
--N--
#11:
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一周前，在一次灾难性的回家尝试导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼下台后，WeWork 得到了软银的救助。
One week ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going home.
一周前，WeWork 在一次灾难性的回家尝试后得到了软银的救助。
--N--
#12:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars, welcome robots.
活动期间，特斯联将派出巡逻车、迎宾机器人等150多台机器人投入使用。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol cars.
活动期间，Terminus 将投入使用超过 150 台机器人，包括巡逻车。
--FP--
#13:
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items or anything at all.
有些人能够去另一家商店买到他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人根本买不到东西或任何东西。
Some people were able to go to another shop to get what they wanted but almost a quarter were unable to buy items.
有些人能够去另一家商店买到他们想要的东西，但几乎四分之一的人买不到东西。
--N--
#14:
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis on high-quality products.
分析人士表示，这样的举措是双循环营销策略的体现，也体现了对高品质产品的新重视。
Analysts said such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation marketing strategy, and also reflect the new emphasis.
分析人士表示，这样的举措是双循环营销策略的体现，也体现了新的侧重点。
--N--
#15:
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models of Tecno brand of cell phones.
这位企业家在与正在试用不同型号的 Tecno 品牌手机的她交往时表现出和蔼可亲的举止。
The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor as he engaged her who were sampling different models.
这位企业家在与正在抽样不同模型的她交往时表现出和蔼可亲的举止。
--N--
#16:
The bank said it was losing money on a large number of such accounts.
该银行表示，大量此类账户正在亏损。
The bank said it was losing money.
银行说它正在赔钱。
--N--
#17:
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted, it said.
它说，随着冠状病毒封锁限制的解除，购物者在此期间大肆挥霍。
Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted.
随着冠状病毒封锁限制的解除，购物者在此期间大肆挥霍。
--N--
#18:
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
家电和图书影视行业分列第二、第三位。
The home appliances and the book, film and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
家电和图书影视行业分列第二、第三位。
--N--
#19:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk of an electric accident or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并以英国许可证出售，可以永久运行，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently, which increases the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并以英国许可证出售，可以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--N--
#20:
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO 的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或投资组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of potential conflict of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO 的结论是，在涉及部长的潜在利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--N--
#21:
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight, but will be able to rebook at a later date.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班，但可以在以后重新预订。
If they test positive before travelling, they will have to reschedule or cancel their flight.
如果他们在旅行前检测呈阳性，他们将不得不重新安排或取消航班。
--N--
#22:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
中国北方城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家仅通过电话号码就可以获得约4亿元人民币的每日营业额。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the northern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国北方城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
--N--
#23:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk of an electric shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以使用它们，这增加了触电或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increased the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以使用它们，这增加了风险。
--N--
#24:
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this, the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) could do that.
政府计划制定规则来保护金融行为监管局 (FCA)，作为其中的一部分，金融行为监管局 (FCA) 可以做到这一点。
The government has plans to make rules to protect the and, as part of this.
作为其中的一部分，政府计划制定规则来保护和。
--N--
#25:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并降低价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and ease prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并降低价格。
--N--
#26:
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research paper.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一篇研究论文中写道，今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，这使他们能够促进销售并缓解竞争。
This year, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost sales and ease competition.
今年，中国养猪户出现了一些复苏，这使他们能够促进销售并缓解竞争。
--N--
#27:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence, and big data.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，深化云、人工智能、大数据等领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to deepen cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，深化云、人工智能领域的合作。
--N--
#28:
The cash system is being threatened.
现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者警告称，现金系统正受到威胁。
--N--
#29:
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties, according to an industry report.
一份行业报告称，需要更加紧迫地提高安全能力，同时促进大中华，以更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
More urgent efforts are needed to boost security capacity while promoting greater China so as to better address political challenges and economic uncertainties.
在推进大中华的同时，需要更加紧迫地提升安全能力，以更好地应对政治挑战和经济不确定性。
--FN--
#30:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can take up to six months.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--N--
#31:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders, sometimes forcing them to sleep on the factory floor.
在 Ralph Lauren 商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成订单，有时还被迫睡在工厂车间。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete orders.
在 Ralph Lauren 商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成订单。
--N--
#32:
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public that resulted in the ouster of its CEO and founder Adam Neumann.
一年前，WeWork 在一次灾难性的上市尝试导致其首席执行官兼创始人亚当·诺伊曼 (Adam Neumann) 下台后，得到了软银的救助。
One year ago, WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank after a disastrous attempt at going public.
一年前，WeWork 在一次灾难性的上市尝试后获得了软银的救助。
--N--
#33:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins during the financial crisis.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁，因为商店在金融危机期间使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have made payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁，因为商店使用纸币和硬币付款。
--N--
#34:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available for Christmas day.
居住在英格兰的人们在家禽农场工作的旅行规则已经放宽，以确保圣诞节有足够的食物。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on poultry farms to ensure there is enough food available.
居住在英格兰的人们在家禽农场工作的旅行规则已经放宽，以确保有足够的食物可用。
--TP--
#35:
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to their heads to the Supreme Court.
一个激烈争论的案件是关于向最高法院提交因头部原因无法进行交易的小企业的税收支付。
A hotly-contested case about tax payouts for small businesses heads to the Supreme Court.
一个关于小企业纳税的激烈争议案件被提交给最高法院。
--FP--
#36:
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy, the economists argue.
经济学家认为，与任何经济体系一样，有些因素可能会加速或减缓经济增长。
As with any economic system, there are factors which could speed up or slow down the economy.
与任何经济体系一样，有些因素可能会加速或减缓经济。
--N--
#37:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加了供应并降低了价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, helping them to boost supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，帮助他们增加供应并降低价格。
--N--
#38:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession, and after losing his job in March.
奥利弗·西顿（Oliver Seadon）在与已经从事该行业的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构 Now Teach 开始教学，并在三月份失去了工作。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already involved in the profession.
奥利弗·西顿（Oliver Seadon）在与已经参与该行业的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构 Now Teach 进入教学领域。
--N--
#39:
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains and raised consumer expectations.
大多数中国城市的排名上升主要是由于中美科技战考验了供应链的有效性并提高了消费者的预期。
Most Chinese cities have risen up the rankings largely due to the US-China tech war which has tested the effectiveness of supply chains.
大多数中国城市的排名上升主要是由于中美科技战考验了供应链的有效性。
--N--
#40:
This appeals to the High Court, where judges found that most, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这向高等法院提出了上诉，法官发现大部分但并非所有所涉及的政策都应该为这些小企业提供生命线。
This appeals to the High Court, but not all of the policies involved should pay out offering a lifeline to these small businesses.
这向高等法院提出了上诉，但并非所有涉及的政策都应该为这些小企业提供生命线。
--N--
#41:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将为从三个英国机场前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers travelling to the UK.
英国航空公司将为前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
--N--
#42:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost of an electrical shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以使用它们，这增加了电击或火灾的成本。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the cost.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以使用它们，这增加了成本。
--FN--
#43:
Economists believe dialing back government support too soon will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，过早撤回政府支持将削弱复苏的力度。
Economists believe dialing back government support will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家认为，撤回政府的支持将削弱复苏的力度。
--N--
#44:
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk, and after leaving his job in March.
在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，奥利弗·西顿 (Oliver Seadon) 在 3 月份离职后，通过慈善机构 Now Teach 开始教学。
Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching through the charity Now Teach after discussing it with friends and family members already working in the uk.
Oliver Seadon 在与已经在英国工作的朋友和家人讨论后，通过慈善机构 Now Teach 开始教学。
--N--
#45:
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots, and goods-delivering robots.
活动期间，特斯联将投入服务150多台机器人，包括巡逻车，机器人，包括机器人，送货机器人。
During the event, Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots, including patrol vehicles, and robots, including robots.
活动期间，特斯联将投放包括巡逻车在内的150多台机器人，以及包括机器人在内的机器人。
--FP--
#46:
If they test it before landing, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们在着陆前进行测试，他们将不得不重新安排飞行时间。
If they test it, they will have to reschedule their flight.
如果他们测试它，他们将不得不重新安排他们的航班。
--FP--
#47:
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available for Christmas dinners.
居住在英格兰的人们在当地农场工作的旅行规则已经放宽，以确保有足够的火鸡可用于圣诞大餐。
Travel rules have been relaxed for people living in England to work on local farms to ensure there is enough turkey available.
居住在英格兰的人们在当地农场工作的旅行规则已经放宽，以确保有足够的火鸡供应。
--TP--
#48:
Sellers at a clothing distribution center in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国中部城市常熟服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
Sellers at a clothing distribution center garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
一家服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
--N--
#49:
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause in payments.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向贷方请求暂停付款。
Borrowers who have not already had a mortgage holiday can request from their lender a pause.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向贷方请求暂停。
--N--
#50:
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline, the Nationwide has said.
Nationwide 表示，由于买家试图超越明年的印花税截止日期，10 月份房价以五周来最快的速度上涨。
House prices rose at their fastest rate for five weeks in October as buyers attempted to beat next year's stamp duty deadline.
由于买家试图超越明年的印花税截止日期，10 月份房价以五周来最快的速度上涨。
--N--
#51:
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their phone numbers.
中国南方城市常熟一家服装销售中心的卖家仅通过电话号码就可以获得约4亿元人民币的每日营业额。
Sellers at a clothing sales center in the southern Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国南方城市常熟一家服装销售中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
--N--
#52:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric accident or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了发生电气事故或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--N--
#53:
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份研究报告中写道，这一次，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高生产力并提高价格。
This time, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost productivity and raise prices.
这一次，中国养猪户看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高生产力并提高价格。
--N--
#54:
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort to keep the economy stable.
政府已采取措施减税、支持工资并为女性提供就业机会，以保持经济稳定。
The government has moved to cut taxes, support wages and offer jobs to women in an effort.
政府已采取措施减税、支持工资并为女性提供工作机会。
--N--
#55:
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can last up to six months.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向银行请求暂停付款，最长可达六个月。
Borrowers who have not yet had a mortgage holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未享受抵押贷款假期的借款人可以向银行请求暂停付款。
--N--
#56:
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China as either the bottom or among the top five priorities of their global strategy.
根据今年美中贸易委员会成员的研究，近 83% 的受访企业将中国视为其全球战略的最后五个优先事项之一。
According to this year's US-China business council member study, nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China.
根据今年美中贸易委员会成员的研究，近 83% 的被调查公司将中国视为。
--N--
#57:
Ensuring responsibility does not lie.
确保责任不会说谎。
Ensuring responsibility does not lie entirely.
确保责任并不完全在于。
--FP--
#58:
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies and their repayments.
这些数字不包括对其他贷方和保险公司的贷款及其还款。
The figures excluded lending to other lenders and insurance companies.
这些数字不包括向其他贷方和保险公司提供的贷款。
--FP--
#59:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or explosion.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了触电或爆炸的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increased the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了风险。
--N--
#60:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric failure or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了可永久使用的英国适配器，这增加了电力故障或火灾的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and others with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--N--
#61:
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems that exist.
大流行严重破坏了现有的教育和医疗保健系统。
The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and healthcare systems.
大流行严重扰乱了教育和医疗保健系统。
--N--
#62:
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem for future-oriented space.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，并为面向未来的空间创造一个智能和创新的生态系统。
The next-generation technologies will be digitally interconnected and will create a smart and innovative ecosystem.
下一代技术将实现数字互联，并创建一个智能和创新的生态系统。
--N--
#63:
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge for companies.
在员工努力工作的同时保持员工的参与和快乐已成为公司面临的挑战。
Keeping employees engaged and happy while they are working hard has become a challenge.
在员工努力工作的同时保持员工的参与和快乐已成为一项挑战。
--N--
#64:
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK from three uk airports.
英国航空公司将为从三个英国机场前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
British Airways is to launch a voluntary Covid-19 test for passengers coming to the UK.
英国航空公司将为前往英国的乘客启动一项自愿 Covid-19 测试。
--FN--
#65:
The comparable store sales decreased.
可比店面销售额下降。
The fourth-quarter comparable store sales decreased.
第四季度可比店面销售额下降。
--N--
#66:
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened as banks have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁，因为银行拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer was warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁。
--N--
#67:
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce issued a regulation on the unreliable entities list－a blacklist of foreign parties that harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这位官员的评论是在商务部发布关于不可靠实体清单的规定之后发表的，该清单是损害中国公司合法利益的外国当事人的黑名单。
The official's comments came after the ministry of commerce harm the legitimate interests of Chinese companies.
这位官员的评论是在商务部损害中国企业的合法利益之后发表的。
--FN--
#68:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以永久插入，这增加了触电或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to plug permanently, which increases the range.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以永久插入，从而增加了范围。
--N--
#69:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license to run permanently.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并以英国许可证出售，可永久运行。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK license.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并以英国许可证出售。
--N--
#70:
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites, according to new research from mit.
根据麻省理工学院的最新研究，美国黑人为拥有房屋支付的费用比任何其他群体都高，这一差距造成了黑人和白人之间 130000 美元退休储蓄差距的大约一半。
Black americans pay more than any other group to own a home, a disparity that contributes to roughly half of the $ 130000 retirement savings gap between Blacks and Whites.
美国黑人为拥有房屋支付的费用比任何其他群体都高，这一差距造成了黑人和白人之间 130,000 美元退休储蓄差距的大约一半。
--N--
#71:
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners financially affected by the crisis.
受危机影响的房主的抵押贷款支付假期正在延长。
Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners.
房主的抵押贷款支付假期正在延长。
--N--
#72:
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces, it said.
它说，数以万计的这些产品可以通过在线市场销售。
Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces.
数以万计的这些产品可以通过在线市场销售。
--FN--
#73:
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments, that can last up to six weeks.
还没有带薪假期的借款人可以向房东请求暂停付款，最长可达六周。
Borrowers who have not yet had a paid holiday can request from their landlord a pause in payments.
尚未享受带薪假期的借款人可以要求房东暂停付款。
--N--
#74:
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as easily as they want.
成功将取决于让他们放心，他们可以负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们可以随心所欲地轻松充电。
Success will depend on reassuring them that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于让他们放心，他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，而且至关重要的是，他们可以充电。
--N--
#75:
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus crisis.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁，因为人们在冠状病毒危机期间拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
The consumer is warned the cash system is being threatened as people have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者被警告现金系统正受到威胁，因为人们拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款。
--N--
#76:
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones from Transsion holdings.
Mwendwa 说，他很荣幸能成为越来越多使用 Transsion Holdings 智能手机的街头小贩大军中的一员。
Mwendwa said he felt honored to be among the growing army of street vendors who worked with smartphones.
Mwendwa 说，他很荣幸能成为越来越多使用智能手机的街头小贩大军中的一员。
--N--
#77:
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan, just through talking to their own screens.
中国中部城市常熟一家服装配送中心的卖家仅通过对着自己的屏幕说话，每天的营业额就达到了约 4 亿元人民币。
Sellers at a clothing distribution centre in the central Chinese city of Changshu garner a daily turnover of about 400 million yuan.
中国中部城市常熟服装配送中心的卖家每天的营业额约为4亿元。
--N--
#78:
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge as soon as they refuel.
成功将取决于说服消费者他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们可以在加油后立即充电。
Success will depend on convincing consumers that they can afford these new technologies, that they will meet their mobility needs, and critically that they can recharge.
成功将取决于让消费者相信他们能够负担得起这些新技术，他们将满足他们的移动需求，关键是他们可以充电。
--N--
#79:
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or portfolio management.
NAO 的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或投资组合管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in cases of serious conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO 的结论是，在涉及部长的严重利益冲突的情况下，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--N--
#80:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk of an electric shock or injury.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以永久使用，这增加了触电或受伤的风险。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and sold with a UK adapter to use permanently, which increased the risk.
有些配备了欧盟插头，并与英国适配器一起出售以永久使用，这增加了风险。
--N--
#81:
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes either in the country or abroad.
政府还表示，人们不得前往国内或国外的第二套住房。
The government has also said people must not travel to second homes.
政府还表示，人们不得前往第二居所。
--N--
#82:
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud, artificial intelligence.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，推进云、人工智能等领域的合作。
The same year, the company also signed an agreement with Huawei Cloud to promote cooperation in cloud.
同年，公司还与华为云签署协议，推进云合作。
--N--
#83:
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment, that can take up to six months.
尚未享受银行假期的借款人可以向银行请求暂停付款，这可能需要长达六个月的时间。
Borrowers who have not yet had a bank holiday can request from their bank a pause in payment.
尚未享受银行假期的借款人可以向银行申请暂停付款。
--N--
#84:
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics in Beijing, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在北京特斯联机器人公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
At the corporate headquarters of Terminus robotics, engineers of the high-tech company are testing robots.
在特斯联机器人公司总部，这家高科技公司的工程师正在测试机器人。
--N--
#85:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices, as at Rabobank wrote in a recent research report.
荷兰合作银行在最近的一份研究报告中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够维持供应并降低价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to maintain supply and lower prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够维持供应并降低价格。
--N--
#86:
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions on the list.
现代大型家电和图书、电视、录像行业分列第二、第三位。
Large modern appliances and the book, television and video industries grabbed the second and third positions.
大型现代家电和图书、电视、影视行业分列第二、第三位。
--FN--
#87:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range of an electric shock or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，这增加了电击或火灾的范围。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to operate permanently, which increases the range.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器以永久运行，从而增加了范围。
--FN--
#88:
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out of society.
他们还希望对资格标准进行审查，以帮助那些被排除在社会之外的人。
They also want eligibility criteria reviewed to help those who have been singled out.
他们还希望审查资格标准，以帮助那些被挑选出来的人。
--TP--
#89:
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins during the coronavirus epidemic.
消费者警告称，由于商店在冠状病毒流行期间拒绝使用纸币和硬币，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer has warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined from using banknotes and coins.
消费者警告称，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币，现金系统正受到威胁。
--N--
#90:
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy and fuel.
二手车和计算机系统的价格也出现上涨，但部分被能源和燃料成本的下降所抵消。
Second-hand cars and computer systems also saw price rises, but these were partially offset by falls in the cost of energy.
二手车和电脑系统的价格也有所上涨，但部分被能源成本的下降所抵消。
--N--
#91:
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory where electric drive systems can be tested and validated.
该中心预计将于 2021 年开始建设，其中将包括一个可以测试和验证电力驱动系统的实验室。
The center, expected to start construction in 2021, will include a laboratory.
该中心预计将于 2021 年开始建设，其中将包括一个实验室。
--N--
#92:
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer at a time when the ambulance was facing a shortage of crew.
在救护车面临人员短缺的情况下，他加入了 Bravo Volunteer Ambulance，担任紧急医疗官。
He joined Bravo Volunteer Ambulance as an emergency medical officer.
他加入了 Bravo Volunteer Ambulance，担任紧急医疗官。
--N--
#93:
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work, thus requiring them to sleep on the factory floor.
在 Ralph Lauren 商店工作的女性说，她们被迫过夜以完成工作，因此要求她们睡在工厂车间。
Women working at a Ralph Lauren store said they had been forced to stay overnight to complete work.
在 Ralph Lauren 商店工作的女性表示，她们被迫过夜以完成工作。
--N--
#94:
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened as shops have declined payments using banknotes and coins.
消费者还警告说，由于商店拒绝使用纸币和硬币付款，现金系统正受到威胁。
The consumer also warned the cash system is being threatened.
消费者还警告说，现金系统正受到威胁。
--N--
#95:
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices, analysts at Rabobank wrote in a recent news report.
荷兰合作银行的分析师在最近的一份新闻报道中写道，通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并提高价格。
This way, Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery, allowing them to boost production and raise prices.
通过这种方式，中国养猪户已经看到了一些复苏，使他们能够提高产量并提高价格。
--N--
#96:
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions or contract management.
NAO 的结论是，鉴于涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策或合同管理的证据。
The NAO concluded that in view of potential conflicts of interest involving ministers, all had properly declared their interests and it found no evidence of their involvement in procurement decisions.
NAO 的结论是，鉴于涉及部长的潜在利益冲突，所有人都正确地声明了他们的利益，并且没有发现他们参与采购决策的证据。
--N--
#97:
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power of an electric current or fire.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器来使用它们，这增加了电流或火的功率。
Some were fitted with EU plugs, and some with a UK adapter to use them, which increases the power.
有些配备了欧盟插头，有些配备了英国适配器来使用它们，从而增加了功率。
--FN--
#98:
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court on Monday.
周一，针对因封锁而无法交易的小型企业的保险合同引发了激烈争议，该案将提交给最高法院。
A hotly-contested case about insurance contracts for small businesses who were unable to trade owing to lockdown heads to the Supreme Court.
一个关于因封锁而无法交易的小企业的保险合同的激烈争议案件向最高法院提起。
--N--
#99:
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery from the war.
经济学家担心太晚撤回政府支持会削弱从战争中复苏的力量。
Economists fear dialing back government support too late will undermine the strength of the recovery.
经济学家担心太晚撤回政府支持会削弱复苏的力度。
--FP--
