#0:
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers fight each other.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助了照料植物的千禧一代和 Z 世代相互争斗。
However, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
然而，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但帮助植物照料的千禧一代却是网络世界。
--N--
#1:
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to better protect the murals and sculptures.
目前，当地政府计划将水库的水排干，以更好地保护壁画和雕塑。
Currently, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
目前，当地政府计划排干水库中的水。
--N--
#2:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts with many personal accounts of his life and experiences.
斯普林斯汀一直是一位内心的诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场音乐会中的音乐，其中有许多关于他的生活和经历的个人叙述。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live concerts.
斯普林斯汀一直是一位内心的诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场音乐会中的音乐。
--N--
#3:
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death for having made national headlines.
她死后因登上全国头条而在微博平台新浪微博上走红。
She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her death.
她死后在微博平台新浪微博上走红。
--N--
#4:
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by fiscal 2015.
生产 Photoshop 和 Acrobat 等产品的软件公司 Adob​​e 将在 2015 财年之前回购价值 20 亿美元的股票。
Software company Adobe, which makes products such as Photoshop and Acrobat, will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion.
生产 Photoshop 和 Acrobat 等产品的软件公司 Adob​​e 将回购价值 20 亿美元的股票。
--N--
#5:
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些与她同龄的女性已经被现代技术甩在了后面，但陈却克服了进入当代艺术世界的机会，成为了参观者经常点名的尤伦斯当代艺术学院教授。
While some women at her age have been left behind by modern technologies, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然一些与她同龄的女性被现代技术甩在了身后，但陈却战胜了进入当代艺术世界的机会。
--N--
#6:
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂妮现在承认，他很同情麦莉·赛勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等流行歌星，因为他们不得不克服在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now admitted that he sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to overcome the difficulty.
蒂妮现在承认他很同情麦莉·赛勒斯和贾斯汀·比伯等流行歌星，因为他们不得不克服困难。
--N--
#7:
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film of being directed towards disabled people.
喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手部和眼睛有缺陷的人指责这部电影是针对残疾人的。
Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and eye impairments have accused the film.
喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手部和眼睛受损的人指责这部电影。
--TP--
#8:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and sing songs.
Duchovny 多年来一直在做音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和唱歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a kid.
Duchovny 多年来一直在做音乐，他说他小时候就开始写诗。
--N--
#9:
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old, covering music and English language.
牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖音乐和英语语言。
Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to develop a series of online English audio lessons to children aged three to four years old.
牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童开发一系列在线英语音频课程。
--N--
#10:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and writing songs.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，他说他小时候曾尝试写诗，后来开始学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he experimented with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，他说他小时候就尝试过写诗。
--N--
#11:
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
将展出三位大师的作品，以彰显他们打破僵化学术规则的勇气和实验精神，将一种由来已久的艺术形式带入新时代。
On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to break rigid academic rules and experimental spirit.
展出三位大师的作品，以彰显他们打破僵化学术规则的勇气和实验精神。
--N--
#12:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education but a way to teach English.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些读物不仅用于科学教育，而且是一种教授英语的方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only for science education.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些读物不仅用于科学教育。
--N--
#13:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融、服务、文化和旅游管理以及国际商务背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, and services, cultural and tourism management.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融、服务、文化和旅游管理背景。
--N--
#14:
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers find each other.
矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但网络世界却帮助了照料植物的千禧一代和 Z 世代找到了彼此。
Paradoxically, although tending garden acts as an antidote to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials.
矛盾的是，尽管照料花园是数字生活的解毒剂，但帮助照料植物的千禧一代却是网络世界。
--N--
#15:
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts great effort into preparing her very first talks.
在与她共事过的张洛薇眼中，Chen 满怀热情地对待自己的工作，并为她的第一次谈话付出了巨大的努力。
In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion.
在与她共事过的张洛薇眼中，陈是满怀热情地对待自己的工作。
--N--
#16:
In the morning, people worry that their lips will crack.
早上，人们担心嘴唇会裂开。
In the morning, their lips will crack.
早上，他们的嘴唇会裂开。
--N--
#17:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一出戏以美食的余香为中心主题，探讨女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central motif.
最近的一出戏以美食的余香为中心主题。
--N--
#18:
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume culture.
在成都举办了以西服为特色的文化节，旨在展示中国传统服饰文化之美。
A culture featuring western attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办西服文化节，展示中国传统服饰之美。
--N--
#19:
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work, yet it was not among the hundreds of songs he recorded with Lomax in 1940.
这不是草稿，需要繁重的工作，但它不在他在 1940 年与 Lomax 录制的数百首歌曲中。
This was no rough draft, demanding heavy work.
这不是草稿，需要繁重的工作。
--N--
#20:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen first imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计学培训时，陈第一次想到自己有朝一日会迷上跳舞。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年离开北京后，她在一家制冷厂接受了统计学家的培训，有一天，她迷上了跳舞。
--N--
#21:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，因此他开始写诗。
--N--
#22:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
通常，我会看很多电视作为娱乐，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment.
通常，我看很多电视是为了娱乐。
--N--
#23:
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and statues.
然而，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干，以帮助保护壁画和雕像。
However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir.
然而，当地政府计划将水库中的水排干。
--N--
#24:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn English.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是学习英语的一种方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅有效的科学教育。
--N--
#25:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计学家培训时，没想到有一天她会痴迷于跳舞。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987 年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受了统计员培训，有一天，她迷上了跳舞。
--FN--
#26:
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a docent at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
虽然一些与她同龄的女性被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却战胜了进入当代艺术世界的机会，成为了 UCCA 的一名讲解员，参观者经常点名请求他们。
While some women at her age have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art.
虽然一些与她同龄的女性被新移民抛在了身后，但陈却克服了进入当代艺术世界的困难。
--FP--
#27:
The booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
旺季游客数量激增。
The new report points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons.
新报告指出，旺季游客人数激增。
--N--
#28:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
该村随后开始建立基础设施，发展现代农业，如茶叶种植和种植云耳木耳。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern agriculture, such as tea cultivation.
该村随后开始建立基础设施并发展现代农业，如茶叶种植。
--N--
#29:
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management, and international business.
从那时起，该职位的大多数申请人都具有金融、工商管理、文化和旅游管理以及国际商务背景。
Since then, the majority of applicants for the position came with backgrounds in finance, business administration, cultural and tourism management.
此后，大部分应聘者具有金融、工商管理、文化和旅游管理背景。
--N--
#30:
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she never imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年高中毕业后在北京一家制冷公司做模特时，她从未想过自己有朝一日会痴迷于跳舞。
When she was working as a model at a refrigeration company after high school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987年高中毕业后在北京一家制冷公司做模特时，有一天她会迷上跳舞。
--N--
#31:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among state and local government departments with active participation of the public.
头五年内，要建立动态的保护制度，确保国家和地方部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
头五年内，要建立动态保护体系，确保密切合作。
--N--
#32:
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to tell people that you are not alone.
当决定发行今年的第一首新歌时，Chan 想分享他受病毒爆发影响的感受，最重要的是告诉人们，你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new song of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发行他今年的第一首新歌时，陈想分享他对被病毒爆发影响的经历，最重要的是分享他的感受。
--FN--
#33:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an egg nester.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在今年得到进一步探讨，邦妮对成为蛋巢人的复杂感受也将得到进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this year in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在今年得到进一步探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将得到进一步探讨。
--FN--
#34:
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, Guo hopes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语杂志的普及，郭希望他们的英语杂志的订阅人数能大幅增加。
Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语杂志的普及，其英语杂志的订阅人数将显着增加。
--N--
#35:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是一个早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an epidemic.
库克是流行病的早期受害者。
--N--
#36:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with his poetry when he was a kid.
Duchovny 多年来一直在做音乐，他说他小时候就开始写诗。
--FN--
#37:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅专注于犯罪，还展示了人性的光明和黑暗面，主要是通过主角和他以前的同学之间的对话。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity.
导演不仅专注于犯罪，还展现了人性的光明和黑暗面。
--N--
#38:
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
据说，曾被劳伦斯·奥利维尔视为最伟大演员的传奇戏剧家米基·鲁尼已经去世。
Legendary thespian Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
曾被劳伦斯·奥利维尔视为最伟大演员的传奇戏剧家米基·鲁尼去世了。
--N--
#39:
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time, during which time the weather gets much colder than before and frost begins to appear.
霜降是时间的最后一个节气，在此期间天气变得比以前冷得多，霜开始出现。
Frost's Descent is the last solar term of time.
霜降是时间的最后一个节气。
--N--
#40:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could get accurate information.
她想与某人交谈，提出问题，以便获得准确的信息。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions.
她想找人说话，问问题。
--N--
#41:
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty of growing up in the public eye.
蒂尼现在透露他很同情麦莉赛勒斯和贾斯汀比伯等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对在公众眼中成长的困难。
Tinie has now revealed that he sympathises with young stars such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, as they have had to face the difficulty.
蒂尼现在透露他同情麦莉赛勒斯和贾斯汀比伯等年轻明星，因为他们不得不面对困难。
--N--
#42:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine as its central plot.
最近的一出戏以好酒余香为中心情节。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good wine.
最近的一出戏是好酒的余香。
--N--
#43:
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and local government departments with active participation of the public.
未来五年内，要建立健全中央与地方密切合作、公众积极参与的动态保护体系。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
未来五年内，将建立动态保护体系，密切合作。
--N--
#44:
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey so we can all work together how to educate and protect the men in our lives.
因此，如果您及早发现它，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是为什么我想在我的旅程中帮助您，这样我们就可以共同努力，如何教育和保护我们生活中的男人。
So if you detect it early this is a really treatable disease and it's why I wanted to help you along my journey.
因此，如果您及早发现它，这是一种真正可以治疗的疾病，这就是我想在我的旅程中帮助您的原因。
--N--
#45:
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987 年她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after finishing school in Beijing in 1987, she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
1987 年，她在北京完成学业后，在一家制冷厂接受了统计员培训，有一天，她迷上了跳舞。
--N--
#46:
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a teenager.
Duchovny 多年来一直在做音乐，他说他十几岁时就开始写诗。
Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry.
Duchovny 多年来一直在做音乐，他说他是从写诗开始的。
--N--
#47:
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away, it was said.
传说中的演员米基鲁尼，曾被劳伦斯奥利弗视为最伟大的演员，据说已经去世了。
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once regarded as the greatest actor of them all, has passed away.
曾被劳伦斯·奥利弗视为最伟大演员的传奇演员米基·鲁尼去世了。
--TP--
#48:
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the white conspiracy.
Chappelle 说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为白人阴谋的计划。
Chappelle said if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
Chappelle 说，如果白人真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--FN--
#49:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death, as will Bonnie's romantic feelings.
在克里斯蒂去世后，本季将进一步探讨邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系，以及邦妮的浪漫感情。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's death.
在克里斯蒂去世后，本季将进一步探讨邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系。
--N--
#50:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations and cultivating the ear fungus.
该村随后开始建立基本的基础设施并开发现代化的道路，例如茶园和种植耳麦。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop modern roads, such as tea plantations.
该村随后开始建立基本的基础设施并发展现代化的道路，例如茶园。
--N--
#51:
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team and be able to say.
他们真的很高兴有机会为一支国际团队证明自己并能够发表意见。
They really relished the opportunity to prove themselves for an international team.
他们真的很高兴有机会为一支国际团队证明自己。
--N--
#52:
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it, primarily through a conversation between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
导演不仅专注于犯罪，还展示了犯罪的轻松和温暖的一面，主要是通过主角和他以前的同学之间的对话。
The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and warm side of it.
导演不仅专注于犯罪，还展现了犯罪的轻松和温暖的一面。
--FN--
#53:
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information because there were so many in those first few months.
她想与某人交谈，提出问题，这样她就可以传播更多信息，因为在最初的几个月里有很多信息。
She wanted to speak with someone, to ask questions, so she could spread more information.
她想与某人交谈，提出问题，以便传播更多信息。
--N--
#54:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一出戏以美食的余香为中心主题，突出了女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good food as its central theme.
最近的一出戏以美食的余香为中心主题。
--N--
#55:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅是有效的科学教育，而且是一种了解更多信息的方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they find the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们发现这些读物不仅有效的科学教育。
--N--
#56:
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other, and to form their own online community.
现在，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但正是网络世界帮助了植物照料的千禧一代和 Z 世代相互了解，并形成了自己的在线社区。
Now, although tending plants acts as an alternative to digital life, it is the online world that has helped the plant-tending Millennials and Gen Zers understand each other.
现在，尽管照料植物可以替代数字生活，但在线世界帮助照料植物的千禧一代和 Z 世代相互了解。
--N--
#57:
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch tv programming.
今天，我看很多电视作为我的娱乐工作，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必须看的电视节目。
Today, I watch a great deal of television for my job as entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
今天，我看很多电视作为娱乐工作，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖典礼期间。
--N--
#58:
A dynamic system for protection is to be established.
建立动态保护体系。
Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established.
未来五年内，将建立动态保护体系。
--N--
#59:
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on after entering a deadlock.
然而，当地数十件剩余文物的买家拒绝参与谈判，民事纠纷在陷入僵局后一直拖下去。
However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil dispute dragged on.
然而，数十件剩余文物的当地买家拒绝参与谈判，民事纠纷持续发酵。
--FP--
#60:
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，陈想分享他对被病毒爆发感染的经历的感受，最重要的是让人们相信你并不孤单。
When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being infected by the viral outbreak and most importantly.
当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，陈想分享他对被病毒爆发感染的经历，最重要的是分享他的感受。
--N--
#61:
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan he called the kindness conspiracy.
Chappelle 想知道白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他称之为善良阴谋的计划。
Chappelle wonders if white people actually want to help Black people, they should participate in his plan.
Chappelle 想知道白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该参与他的计划。
--FN--
#62:
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings about being an empty shell.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨，邦妮对成为一个空壳的复杂感受也将得到进一步探讨。
Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this season in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's complicated feelings.
随着克里斯蒂的离开，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在本季进一步探讨，邦妮的复杂感情也将得到进一步探讨。
--FN--
#63:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large size.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，现代建筑耸立，平坦宽阔的道路遥遥无期，充满生机的农田热闹非凡。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern buildings stand tall, flat and wide roads are far away.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，现代建筑高高耸立，平坦宽阔的道路遥遥无期。
--FP--
#64:
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something during this time.
在农村，人们担心这段时间不吃东西嘴唇会裂开。
In the countryside, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat something.
在农村，人们担心不吃东西嘴唇会裂开。
--FN--
#65:
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the coming three years.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测他们的英语杂志的订阅人数将在未来三年内大幅增加。
Due to the expansion of English education for preschool children, Guo predicted that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly.
由于学龄前儿童英语教育的扩大，郭预测他们的英语杂志的订阅人数将显着增加。
--FN--
#66:
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是一场事故的早期受害者，这场事故被证明是灾难性的，在他们身后吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和政治人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an accident that proved disastrous in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是一场事故的早期受害者，这场事故在吞噬其一些最耀眼的艺术作品时被证明是灾难性的。
--FP--
#67:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of the machinery.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇高大平坦，道路延伸至远方，充满生机的农田在机械的运转中嗡嗡作响。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，现代城镇高大平坦，道路绵延。
--TP--
#68:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation among central and local police departments with active participation of the public.
头五年内，要建立动态的保护制度，确保中央和地方警察部门密切配合，公众积极参与。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to ensure close cooperation.
头五年内，要建立动态保护体系，确保密切合作。
--N--
#69:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large scale.
具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇高大平坦，道路绵延，充满生机的农田在大规模活动中嗡嗡作响。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and the roads stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，现代城镇高大平坦，道路绵延。
--N--
#70:
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and escape from it with equal brilliance.
以一种令人困惑和压倒性的方式，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状态，又能以同样的光彩逃离它。
In a confounding and overwhelming way, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world.
音乐以一种令人困惑和压倒性的方式让我们都能够反思世界的状况。
--N--
#71:
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume music.
以汉服为特色的文化音乐节在中国成都举行，展示中国传统服饰音乐的魅力。
A culture featuring hanfu music festival was held in Chengdu, china to display the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
以汉服文化为特色的音乐节在中国成都举行，展示中国传统服饰的魅力。
--N--
#72:
But he added he does not blame Hathaway.
但他补充说，他并不责怪海瑟薇。
But he added he does not blame Hathaway for this decision.
但他补充说，他不会因为这个决定责怪海瑟薇。
--N--
#73:
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education but a way to learn more.
父母们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们不仅使阅读成为有效的科学教育，而且成为一种学习更多知识的方式。
Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and magazines as they make the readings not only effective science education.
家长们正在推动原版英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们使阅读不仅有效的科学教育。
--N--
#74:
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works, many of which are also very familiar to Chinese audiences.
展出的画作对童话和文学作品进行了重新诠释，其中不少作品也为中国观众所熟知。
The paintings on show reinterpret fairy tales and literary works.
展出的画作重新诠释了童话和文学作品。
--N--
#75:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and political figures in their wake.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明无情地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和政治人物。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous artistic.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最耀眼的艺术作品时被证明是无情的。
--FP--
#76:
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability for nucleic acid tests.
当他们抵达武汉时，他们面临着发展核酸检测日常检测能力的迫切需要。
When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to develop the daily detection ability.
当他们到达武汉时，他们面临着发展日常检测能力的迫切需要。
--N--
#77:
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume design.
以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国传统服饰设计之美。
A culture featuring hanfu culture festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the beauty of traditional Chinese costume.
以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国传统服饰之美。
--N--
#78:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一出戏以善行余香为主要情节，突出女性的功绩和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of good deeds as its main plot.
最近的一出戏以善行余香为主要情节。
--N--
#79:
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot as it highlights the feats of women and the differences.
最近的一部戏以他的事迹余香为主要情节，突出了女性的壮举和差异。
A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main plot.
最近的一出戏以他的事迹余香为主要情节。
--N--
#80:
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of other prestige programming.
通常情况下，我会因为我的体育工作而观看大量电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖典礼期间，那时我还有一长串其他声望很高的节目。
Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season.
通常情况下，我会看很多电视来报道体育，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季。
--FP--
#81:
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars and moon figures in their prime.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明是无情地吞噬了一些最明亮的恒星和月亮的鼎盛时期。
Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved merciless in devouring some of its most luminous stars.
库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最明亮的恒星时被证明是无情的。
--N--
#82:
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and write songs.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和写歌。
Duchovny has been making music for years and so he started with writing poetry when he was a child.
Duchovny 多年来一直在创作音乐，所以他从小就开始写诗。
--N--
#83:
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate and most plants fall into a short period of dormancy.
随着温度缓慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数植物进入短暂的休眠期。
As the temperature slowly drops, some animals begin to hibernate.
随着温度缓慢下降，一些动物开始冬眠。
--N--
#84:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of the prestige programming.
此外，我为我的客户观看了大量的娱乐节目，特别是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有很长的声望节目清单。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my clients covering entertainment, particularly during Emmy season.
此外，我为我的客户观看了大量的娱乐节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季。
--N--
#85:
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and ill.
查佩尔说，特朗普生病时的特殊待遇就像把一袋汉堡送到流浪者收容所，当着流浪者和病人的面吃。
Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was ill was like giving a bag of burgers to a homeless shelter.
查佩尔说，特朗普生病时的特殊待遇就像把一袋汉堡送给了无家可归者收容所。
--N--
#86:
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume design.
成都举办文化汉服盛会，重振中国传统服饰设计魅力。
A culture and hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
成都举办文化汉服盛会，重振中国传统服饰魅力。
--N--
#87:
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and regional government departments with active participation of the public.
头五年内，建立动态保护机制，使中央和地区政府部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation.
头五年内，要建立动态保护体系，密切合作。
--FP--
#88:
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money from a willing buyer.
像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制作人很乐意从愿意购买的人那里拿钱。
As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and movie makers were happy to take money.
像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和电影制作人乐于接受资金。
--FP--
#89:
Cooke was an early casualty.
库克是一个早期的受害者。
Cooke was an early casualty of an attack.
库克是袭击的早期受害者。
--N--
#90:
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，城镇高耸，平坦宽阔，延伸至远，充满生机的农田在大型机械的活动中嗡嗡作响。
New residences with local features rise from the ground, and towns stand tall, flat and wide and stretch far away.
具有地方特色的新民居拔地而起，城镇高大平阔，遥遥无期。
--FN--
#91:
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to revive the charm of traditional Chinese costume.
汉服文化节在成都举行，旨在重振中国传统服饰的魅力。
A culture of hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu.
汉服文化节在成都举行。
--N--
#92:
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows with deeply personal accounts of his life and career.
斯普林斯汀内心深处一直是一位诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐，对他的生活和事业有着深刻的个人描述。
Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, especially his music during marathon live shows.
斯普林斯汀一直是一位内心的诗人，尤其是他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐。
--N--
#93:
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars, as he and other new players vie for consumers'time.
Quibi 不会是星球大战的最后一个牺牲品，因为他和其他新玩家争夺消费者的时间。
Quibi won't be the last casualty of the star wars.
Quibi 不会是星球大战的最后一个牺牲品。
--N--
#94:
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch television programming.
此外，我为了我的娱乐工作而观看了大量的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的电视节目。
Also, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering entertainment, especially during Emmy season.
此外，我会看很多电视来报道娱乐节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季。
--FP--
#95:
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
该村随后开始建立基础设施，发展农业，如种植园和栽培云耳木耳。
The village then began to establish basic infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as the plantations.
该村随后开始建立基本的基础设施并发展农业，例如种植园。
--N--
#96:
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms for Zhang to study and record.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸，到罕见的巨型章鱼，再到类似外星的浮游生物，海洋是无数生命形式的家园，供张教授研究和记录。
From the killer whale, the world's biggest mammal, and the rarely-seen giant octopus to alien-like planktonic critters, the oceans are home to limitless life forms.
从世界上最大的哺乳动物虎鲸、罕见的巨型章鱼到类似外星的浮游生物，海洋是无限生命形式的家园。
--N--
#97:
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries, and international relations.
自7月以来，该政策的大多数申请人具有金融、商业和文化和旅游行业以及国际关系的背景。
Since july, the majority of applicants for the policy came with backgrounds in finance, business and, cultural and tourism industries.
自7月以来，该政策的大多数申请人具有金融、商业和文化和旅游行业的背景。
--N--
#98:
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money from a new buyer.
与此类企业一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作者乐于从新买家那里获得资金。
As always with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content makers were happy to take money.
与此类企业一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容制作者乐于接受资金。
--N--
#99:
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives during such an unusual period.
在这样一个不寻常的时期，我们通过讲述我们的生活故事来捕捉一段历史。
We have captured a piece of history by telling the stories of our lives.
通过讲述我们的生活故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史。
--N--
