#0:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战，而且支出审查将变得更加艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present more challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来更多挑战。
--N--
#1:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来新的挑战，并补充说支出审查可能会变得艰难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来新的挑战。
--N--
#2:
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the Christmas and Halloween holidays.
Marquette 市政厅、Peter White 公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心、市政服务中心和 Lakeview Arena 的办公室将在圣诞节和万圣节假期关闭。
Offices at Marquette City Hall, the arts and Culture Center in Peter White Public Library, Municipal Service Center and Lakeview Arena will be closed for the holidays.
Marquette 市政厅、Peter White 公共图书馆的艺术和文化中心、市政服务中心和 Lakeview Arena 的办公室将在假期关闭。
--N--
#3:
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective when treatments are available.
他们警告说，对 COVID-19 阴谋论的广泛信仰可能会在有治疗方法时降低活动的有效性。
They are warning that widespread belief in COVID-19 conspiracy theories could make the campaigns less effective.
他们警告说，对 COVID-19 阴谋论的广泛信仰可能会降低活动的有效性。
--N--
#4:
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules, which was disrupted by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年初因大流行而中断的新财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of new fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了新的财政规则。
--N--
#5:
This summer has witnessed several severe floods.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水。
This summer has witnessed several severe floods and two typhoons.
今年夏天发生了几次严重的洪水和两次台风。
--N--
#6:
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters to two deputies.
周四，一名圣克劳德女子在将她的三个十几岁的女儿卖给两名副手后被捕。
A St. Cloud woman was arrested on Thursday after prostituting her three teenage daughters.
周四，一名圣克劳德女子在卖淫了她的三个十几岁的女儿后被捕。
--FP--
#7:
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the city is testing.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着该市的前景正在受到考验。
However, high unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
然而，高失业率和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--N--
#8:
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China despite some challenging moments during the year.
尽管在这一年中出现了一些充满挑战的时刻，但新西兰的选举几乎不会改变该国与中国的历史主线。
New Zealand's election will hardly change the main course of the country's history with China.
新西兰的选举几乎不会改变新西兰与中国的历史主线。
--N--
#9:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to protect their safety.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中资企业工作人员遵守奥地利警方规定，待在家里保护自己的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and staff in the Chinese enterprises to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促中国居民、学生和中国企业的工作人员遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--N--
#10:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--N--
#11:
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain and introduce distance learning.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，而中学将继续开放并引入远程学习。
The kindergartens and primary schools will remain open, while secondary schools will remain.
幼儿园和小学将继续开放，而中学将继续开放。
--N--
#12:
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons to attract students to the country.
他说，英国大学现在出于经济原因安排包机，以吸引学生来英国。
He said UK universities are now arranging charter flights for financial reasons.
他说，出于经济原因，英国大学现在正在安排包机。
--N--
#13:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations at the core.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护以联合国为核心的国际秩序和体系。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly uphold the international order and system with the United Nations.
习近平呼吁两国与联合国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护国际秩序和体系。
--FN--
#14:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness, industrialization and regional integration.
报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济、竞争力、工业化和区域一体化的基本组成部分。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲经济竞争力的基本组成部分。
--N--
#15:
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period, it said.
报告称，如果金融机构和其他人员在 45 天的报告期后与指定人员进行交易，则可能面临二级制裁。
Financial institutions and other persons might face secondary sanctions if they engage in transactions with designated persons after a 45-day reporting period.
如果金融机构和其他人员在 45 天报告期后与指定人员进行交易，则可能面临二级制裁。
--N--
#16:
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible because they lack the receptor to which the virus attaches.
尽管有报道称荷兰农场的水貂等动物感染了这种病毒，但帕维莱宁说，狗不易感染，因为它们缺乏病毒附着的受体。
Although there have been reports of animals being infected with the virus, such as mink in farms in the Netherlands, Paavilainen said dogs are not susceptible.
尽管有报道称荷兰农场的水貂等动物感染了这种病毒，但帕维莱宁说，狗不易感染。
--N--
#17:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来重大挑战。
--N--
#18:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans, adding that the security review is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战，并补充说安全审查将变得更加艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public security plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
--N--
#19:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation, rising housing costs and a strained economic system.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为 SVP，根据现行规定，该党将导致人口过剩、住房成本上升和经济体系紧张。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which under current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为 SVP，根据现行规定，该党将导致人口过剩。
--N--
#20:
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen attacked the university on Monday.
周一，三名枪手袭击了该大学，造成至少 22 人死亡，其中大部分是儿童，另有 27 人受伤。
At least 22 people, mostly children, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有 22 人丧生，其中大部分是儿童，另有 27 人受伤。
--N--
#21:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative, first lady Melania Trump posted a family health report.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普 (Barron Trump) 感染了 COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在呈阴性，第一夫人梅拉尼娅·特朗普 (Melania Trump) 发布了一份家庭健康报告。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now is negative.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普感染了 COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在呈阴性。
--N--
#22:
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event in these hard times.
他对活动组织者在困难时期举办活动表示感谢。
He expressed appreciation for the organizers of the event for hosting the event.
他对主办方主办此次活动表示感谢。
--N--
#23:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战，而且支出审查将会变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战。
--N--
#24:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
齐奥德拉斯警告说，未来几个月医疗系统将面临更大的压力，医院工作人员不会仅限于老年人。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
齐奥德拉斯警告说，未来几个月医疗系统将面临更大压力，医院工作人员不会受到限制。
--N--
#25:
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible, and most sporting and leisure facilities to be mothballed.
封锁从周四开始，要求关闭非必需品商店，并尽可能在家工作，并封存大多数体育和休闲设施。
The lockdown, which starts on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, and to work from home if possible.
封锁从周四开始，要求关闭非必要商店，并尽可能在家工作。
--N--
#26:
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition ahead of the Saturday elections.
这一决定导致他的政党与反对派在周六选举前发生冲突。
The decision resulted in clashes between his party and the opposition.
这一决定导致他的政党和反对党之间发生冲突。
--N--
#27:
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the night of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统说，在几周前的 Covid-19 检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，并且不记得他是否在第一次总统辩论当晚接受了检测。
President Trump says he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说，在几周前检测出 Covid-19 呈阳性后，他感觉很好，但不记得自己是否接受过检测。
--N--
#28:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普感染了没有症状的 COVID-19，现在正在对其进行测试，梅拉尼娅·特朗普夫人周三发布了家庭健康更新。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests it, and lady Melania Trump posted a family health update.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普感染了没有症状的 COVID-19，现在正在对其进行测试，梅拉尼娅·特朗普夫人发布了家庭健康更新。
--N--
#29:
However, some households will be banned from mixing, although support bubbles and childcare bubbles will continue.
然而，一些家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持泡沫和育儿泡沫将继续存在。
However, some households will be banned from mixing.
但是，一些家庭将被禁止混合。
--N--
#30:
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold for fiscal spending.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪利用最近的一次演讲敦促政府降低财政支出的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the defense secretary, used a recent speech to urge the government to lower the threshold.
国防部长史蒂文·肯尼迪利用最近的一次演讲敦促政府降低门槛。
--N--
#31:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展、工业化和经济一体化的基本组成部分。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲发展的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#32:
They had logged on to the government website to find one, but were told that because their names and addresses could not be found.
他们登录政府网站找到了一个，但被告知是因为找不到他们的姓名和地址。
They had logged on to the government website to find one.
他们登录政府网站找到了一个。
--N--
#33:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness, industrialization and european integration.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是非洲发展、竞争力、工业化和欧洲一体化的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's development, competitiveness.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是非洲发展和竞争力的基本组成部分。
--N--
#34:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death because of COVID-19 infection.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格措施，旨在限制人类冠状病毒在因 COVID-19 感染而感染和死亡后的传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at limiting the spread of the human coronavirus after infections and death.
欧洲国家正在重新引入旨在限制人类冠状病毒在感染和死亡后传播的严格措施。
--N--
#35:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管发生了 COVID-19 大流行，美国的许多大学都在包机帮助成千上万的中国学生留在美国。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help the thousands of Chinese students to stay in the country.
美国许多大学都在包机帮助成千上万的中国学生留在美国。
--N--
#36:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was affected by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年年初受到大流行影响的财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了财政规则。
--N--
#37:
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules and stay at home to ensure their safety.
中国大使馆敦促当地华人社区的中国居民、学生和警察遵守奥地利警方的规定，待在家里以确保他们的安全。
The Chinese embassy urged Chinese residents, students and police in local Chinese communities to abide by Austrian police rules.
中国大使馆敦促当地华人社区的中国居民、学生和警察遵守奥地利警方的规定。
--N--
#38:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，使人们能够采用类人智能来感知和控制他们的环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定的任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable people to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and control their environments.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，使人们能够采用类人智能来感知和控制他们的环境。
--N--
#39:
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
尽管发生了 COVID-19 大流行，英国的许多大学仍在包机，以帮助将数千名新生带到该国的大学。
Many universities in the United Kingdom are chartering flights to help bring thousands of new students to universities in the country.
英国的许多大学都在包机，以帮助将数千名新生带到该国的大学。
--N--
#40:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control.
我知道众议院的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择来控制这种病毒是正确的。
--N--
#41:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans, adding that the spending budget is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来重大挑战，并补充说支出预算将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present major challenges to the spending plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来重大挑战。
--N--
#42:
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules, which was caused by the pandemic early this year.
部长们重新讨论了今年年初由大流行引起的财政规则。
The ministers renewed the discussion of the fiscal rules.
部长们重新讨论了财政规则。
--N--
#43:
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks.
财政政策总是对巨大的冲击做出反应。
Fiscal policy has always responded to large shocks but there is now a crisis.
财政政策总是对巨大的冲击做出反应，但现在出现了危机。
--N--
#44:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the university on Monday.
周一，三名枪手冲进大学，造成至少 22 人死亡，另有 27 人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有 22 人死亡，全是学生，另有 27 人受伤。
--TP--
#45:
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update on Wednesday.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普 (Barron Trump) 感染了 COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在检测呈阴性，这是在梅拉尼娅·特朗普 (Melania Trump) 周三发布家庭健康最新消息之后。
US president Donald Trump's youngest son Barron Trump had COVID-19 with no symptoms and now tests negative, first after Melania Trump posted a family health update.
美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的小儿子巴伦·特朗普 (Barron Trump) 感染了 COVID-19，没有任何症状，现在检测呈阴性，首先是在梅拉尼娅·特朗普 (Melania Trump) 发布家庭健康更新后。
--TP--
#46:
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons to bring students to the university.
它说，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机将学生带到大学。
It said UK universities are not arranging charter flights for security reasons.
它说，出于安全原因，英国大学没有安排包机。
--N--
#47:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学都在包机帮助运送数千名中国学生。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights.
美国很多大学都包机。
--N--
#48:
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate and to promote macroeconomic stability.
俄罗斯当局正在设法将外汇汇率的波动性降到最低，并促进宏观经济稳定。
The Russian authorities are managing to minimize the volatility of the foreign exchange rate.
俄罗斯当局正在设法将外汇汇率的波动降至最低。
--N--
#49:
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined to the elderly.
齐奥德拉斯表示，未来几个月医疗系统将面临更大压力，医院工作人员将不会仅限于老年人。
Tsiodras said that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming months, and that hospital workers will not be confined.
齐奥德拉斯说，未来几个月医疗系统将面临更大压力，医院工作人员不会受到限制。
--N--
#50:
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system with the United Nations.
习近平呼吁两国与联合国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护国际法和国际体系。
Xi called on the two nations to jointly uphold multilateralism and firmly safeguard the international law and system.
习近平呼吁两国共同维护多边主义，坚定维护国际法和国际体系。
--FN--
#51:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战，并补充说支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战。
--N--
#52:
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights for similar reasons.
它说，英国大学也出于类似的原因安排包机。
It said UK universities are also arranging charter flights.
它说，英国大学也在安排包机。
--N--
#53:
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary rather than just after a large shock such as the pandemic.
他说，此举将使政府能够在必要时提振经济，而不是在大流行等重大冲击之后。
He said the move would allow the government to boost the economy whenever it is necessary.
他说，此举将允许政府在必要时提振经济。
--N--
#54:
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook for the future is testing.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着未来的前景正在受到考验。
Therefore, the unemployment and the ongoing challenges faced by the businesses mean the outlook.
因此，失业和企业面临的持续挑战意味着前景。
--N--
#55:
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges to the spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给支出计划带来新的挑战。
He also said that a second lockdown could present new challenges.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会带来新的挑战。
--N--
#56:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments, and consequently take appropriate steps to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是一种技术组合，使机器能够采用类人智能来感知和感知环境，从而采取适当的步骤来完成特定任务。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that enable machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to sense and perceive their environments.
人工智能被认为是使机器能够采用类人智能来感知和感知环境的技术组合。
--FN--
#57:
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments, and consequently take specific actions to fulfill a particular task.
人工智能被认为是允许机器采用类人智能来理解和理解其环境并因此采取特定行动来完成特定任务的技术组合。
AI is considered a combination of technologies that allow machines to adopt humanlike intelligence to understand and comprehend their environments.
人工智能被认为是允许机器采用类人智能来理解和理解其环境的技术组合。
--N--
#58:
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies and Biden supporting them.
COVID-19 大流行一直是主要的竞选问题，特朗普为其政府的政策辩护，拜登支持这些政策。
The COVID-19 pandemic has been the primary campaign issue, with Trump defending his administration's policies.
COVID-19 大流行一直是主要的竞选问题，特朗普为其政府的政策辩护。
--N--
#59:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential debate.
特朗普总统说，在几个月前检测出 Covid-19 呈阳性后，他感觉很好，但不能说他是否在第一次总统辩论当天接受了检测。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 months ago and couldn't say whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说，在几个月前检测出 Covid-19 呈阳性后，他感觉很好，但不能说他是否接受过检测。
--N--
#60:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans from descending into poverty.
国会对春季冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应使成千上万的美国人免于陷入贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic that spring spared thousands of Americans.
国会对春季冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应使成千上万的美国人幸免于难。
--N--
#61:
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials.
这要归功于我们县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作。
This is a credit to the hard work of our county and local elections officials who worked quickly to undertake and complete such a momentous task.
这要归功于我县和地方选举官员的辛勤工作，他们迅速承担并完成了如此重大的任务。
--N--
#62:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level, with strong national action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择以在基本层面控制这种病毒是正确的，需要强有力的国家行动和强有力的地方领导。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I thought it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a basic level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择以在基本水平上控制这种病毒是正确的。
--FN--
#63:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security, healthcare and financial markets.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲寻求解决其一些最紧迫问题的机会，例如粮食安全、医疗保健和金融市场。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to seek solutions to some of its most pressing problems, such as food security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲寻求解决其一些最紧迫问题的机会，例如粮食安全。
--N--
#64:
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday in a bid to prevent the resurgence of the coronavirus.
发出这一呼吁之际，英格兰将从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁，以防止冠状病毒卷土重来。
The call came as England is set to enter a month-long lockdown from Thursday.
这个电话是在英格兰从周四开始进入为期一个月的封锁之际发出的。
--FP--
#65:
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP, which claimed current regulations would lead to overpopulation.
投票由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起，该党称为 SVP，声称现行法规将导致人口过剩。
The vote had been initiated by the populist right-wing swiss people's party, known as the SVP.
投票是由民粹主义右翼瑞士人民党发起的，该党被称为 SVP。
--N--
#66:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong community action and strong local leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的，需要强有力的社区行动和强有力的地方领导。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择来在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--N--
#67:
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home if needed.
周四开始的封锁要求关闭非必要的商店，如果需要，人们可以在家工作。
The lockdown, which begins on Thursday, calls for non-essential shops to close, people to work from home.
周四开始的封锁要求关闭非必要的商店，人们在家工作。
--FN--
#68:
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen when England's lockdown begins.
当英格兰开始封锁时，预计所有地区的健身房和非必要设施都将被允许重新开放。
Gyms and non-essential facilities in all areas are expected to be allowed to reopen.
预计所有地区的健身房和非必要设施都将被允许重新开放。
--N--
#69:
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans, adding that the spending review is likely to get hard.
他还警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战，并补充说支出审查可能会变得艰难。
He also warned that a second lockdown could present more challenges to his spending plans.
他还警告说，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来更多挑战。
--N--
#70:
The money will fund space and civil defence projects such as an air intelligence agency.
这笔资金将用于资助太空和民防项目，例如空中情报机构。
The money will fund space and civil defence projects.
这笔钱将用于资助太空和民防项目。
--N--
#71:
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students to study in the country.
美国的许多大学都在包机帮助成千上万的中国学生来美国学习。
Many universities in the united states are chartering flights to help bring thousands of Chinese students.
美国的许多大学都在包机帮助运送数千名中国学生。
--FP--
#72:
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first televised debate.
唐纳德·特朗普说，几周前大麻检测呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得他是否在第一次电视辩论当天接受了检测。
Donald Trump said he feels good after testing positive for marijuana weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested.
唐纳德特朗普说，几周前测试大麻呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得他是否接受过测试。
--N--
#73:
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans from poverty into poverty.
国会在春季对冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应影响了数百万美国人从贫困走向贫困。
Congress' swift and expansive response to the coronavirus pandemic in spring affected millions of Americans.
国会对春季冠状病毒大流行的迅速而广泛的反应影响了数百万美国人。
--N--
#74:
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded when three gunmen stormed the school on Monday.
周一，三名枪手袭击学校，造成至少 22 人死亡，另有 27 人受伤。
At least 22 people, all students, were killed and another 27 wounded.
至少有 22 人死亡，全是学生，另有 27 人受伤。
--FP--
#75:
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days, and that the admissions will not be confined.
Tsiodras 警告说，未来几天医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力，并且不会限制招生。
Tsiodras warned that the healthcare system will be under more pressure in the coming days.
Tsiodras 警告说，未来几天，医疗保健系统将面临更大的压力。
--FN--
#76:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, competitiveness.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是非洲经济竞争力的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#77:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans, adding that the spending review is going to be hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战，并补充说支出审查将很困难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public safety plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来新的挑战。
--N--
#78:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive on the day of the first televised debate.
特朗普总统说，在多年前检测出 Covid-19 呈阳性后，他感觉很好，但不记得在第一次电视辩论当天他是否呈阳性。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for Covid-19 years ago and couldn't recall whether he was positive.
特朗普总统说，在多年前检测出 Covid-19 呈阳性后，他感觉很好，但不记得自己是否呈阳性。
--N--
#79:
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam with the release of a report that envisages a continent-wide market.
随着一份设想整个大陆市场的报告的发布，非洲改善其能源部门并将更多家庭和企业连接到电力供应的计划正在加速。
Plans for Africa to improve its energy sector and connect more households and businesses to power supplies are gathering steam.
非洲改善其能源部门并将更多家庭和企业连接到电力供应的计划正在升温。
--FP--
#80:
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations because of COVID-19 skyrocketed.
欧洲国家正在重新采取严格措施，旨在防止新型冠状病毒在感染和住院后因 COVID-19 飙升而传播。
European nations are reintroducing strict measures aimed at preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus after infections and hospitalizations.
欧洲国家正在重新引入旨在防止新型冠状病毒在感染和住院后传播的严格措施。
--FN--
#81:
At least 22 people, including students, were killed and another 27 injured.
包括学生在内的至少 22 人遇难，另有 27 人受伤。
At least 22 people, including students, were killed.
包括学生在内的至少22人遇难。
--N--
#82:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today, industrialization and economic growth.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是当今非洲经济、工业化和经济增长的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, today.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告是当今非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#83:
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold for the stimulus.
外交大臣史蒂文·肯尼迪在最近的一次演讲中要求政府降低刺激措施的门槛。
Steven Kennedy, the foreign secretary, used a recent speech to ask the government to lower the threshold.
外交大臣史蒂文·肯尼迪利用最近的一次演讲要求政府降低门槛。
--N--
#84:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security, healthcare and financial security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为其一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案，例如国家安全、医疗保健和金融安全。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most pressing challenges, such as national security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了一个机会，可以为其一些最紧迫的挑战提供解决方案，例如国家安全。
--N--
#85:
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共卫生计划带来新的挑战，并补充说支出周期将变得艰难。
He also noted that a second lockdown could present new challenges to public health plans.
他还指出，第二次封锁可能会给公共卫生计划带来新的挑战。
--FN--
#86:
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings like kisses and hugs.
指导方针说，病毒只能通过呼吸飞沫、在受污染的表面以及亲吻和拥抱等常见的问候方式传播。
The guidelines have said the virus spreads only through breathing in respiratory droplets, on contaminated surfaces and common greetings.
指导方针说，病毒只能通过呼吸飞沫、在受污染的表面和常见的问候中传播。
--N--
#87:
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls after their second planned debate was over.
周四，民主党总统候选人乔·拜登抨击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对冠状病毒大流行的处理，因为在他们的第二次计划辩论结束后，两位候选人正在电视转播的市政厅进行决斗。
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden attacked President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus pandemic on Thursday, as the two candidates were dueling televised town halls.
周四，民主党总统候选人乔·拜登抨击了唐纳德·特朗普总统对冠状病毒大流行的处理，当时两位候选人正在电视转播的市政厅进行决斗。
--FN--
#88:
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too, industrialization and economic integration.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲转型、工业化和经济一体化的基本组成部分。
The government said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, too.
政府表示，港口基础设施资产的现代化也是非洲转型的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#89:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages, healthcare and financial problems.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了解决其一些最困难问题的机会，例如粮食短缺、医疗保健和财务问题。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as food shortages.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了解决其一些最困难问题的机会，例如粮食短缺。
--N--
#90:
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings in the area.
搜救行动已日以继夜地在该地区共八座倒塌建筑物的区域进行。
Search and rescue operations have been going on around the clock in the area of a total of eight collapsed buildings.
搜救行动已日以继夜地在八座倒塌建筑物的区域进行。
--N--
#91:
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook for the sector is testing.
因此，失业率上升和小企业面临的新挑战意味着该行业的前景正在受到考验。
Therefore, rising unemployment and the new challenges faced by small businesses mean the outlook.
因此，失业率上升和小企业面临的新挑战意味着前景。
--N--
#92:
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however, development and economic integration.
报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲转型、发展和经济一体化的基本组成部分。
The report said modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's transformation, however.
报告称，港口基础设施资产的现代化是非洲转型的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#93:
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security, healthcare and social services.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了为其一些最困难的问题提供解决方案的机会，例如信息安全、医疗保健和社会服务。
The rapid growth of artificial intelligence presents an opportunity for Africa to provide solutions to some of its most difficult problems, such as information security.
人工智能的快速发展为非洲提供了为其一些最困难的问题提供解决方案的机会，例如信息安全。
--N--
#94:
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level, with strong local action and strong national leadership.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的，需要强有力的地方行动和强有力的国家领导。
I know some in the House believe we should have reached this decision earlier, but I felt it was right to try every possible option to get this virus under control at a local level.
我知道众议院中的一些人认为我们应该早点做出这个决定，但我认为尝试一切可能的选择来在地方一级控制这种病毒是正确的。
--N--
#95:
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans, and that the spending review is going to get hard.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战，而且支出审查将会变得艰难。
He also said that a second lockdown could present major challenges to his spending plans.
他还表示，第二次封锁可能会给他的支出计划带来重大挑战。
--N--
#96:
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans, adding that the spending cycle is going to get hard.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战，并补充说支出周期将变得艰难。
He was warned that a second lockdown could present major challenges to public security plans.
他被警告说，第二次封锁可能会给公共安全计划带来重大挑战。
--N--
#97:
However, the households will be banned from mixing, although support groups and childcare bubbles will remain.
然而，家庭将被禁止混合，尽管支持小组和育儿泡沫仍将存在。
However, the households will be banned from mixing.
但是，这些家庭将被禁止混合。
--FN--
#98:
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too, industrialization and european integration.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告也是非洲经济、工业化和欧洲一体化的基本组成部分。
The report on modernization of port infrastructure assets is a fundamental component of Africa's economy, too.
港口基础设施资产现代化报告也是非洲经济的一个基本组成部分。
--N--
#99:
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't recall whether he was tested on the day of the first presidential election.
特朗普总统说，几周前检测出艾滋病毒呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得他是否在第一次总统选举当天接受了检测。
President Trump said he feels good after testing positive for hiv weeks ago and couldn't  recall whether he was tested.
特朗普总统说，几周前检测出艾滋病毒呈阳性后，他感觉很好，不记得自己是否接受过检测。
--N--
