#1.0:
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company which specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when he started advocating for Mero .
据梅洛说，洛佩兹当时在一家小公司工作，该公司专门从事独立电影，他开始为梅洛代言时，正打算扩展到管理层。
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to expand into management when she started advocating for Mero .
据梅洛说，洛佩兹当时在一家专门从事独立电影的小公司工作，她开始为梅洛代言时，正打算扩展到管理层。

#2.0:
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was looking to move into management when he started advocating for Mero .
据梅洛说，洛佩兹当时在一家专门从事独立电影的小公司工作，当他开始为梅洛代言时，他正打算进入管理层。
According to Mero , Lopez was working for a small company that specialized in independent films and was trying to expand into management when he started advocating for Mero .
据梅洛说，洛佩兹当时在一家专门从事独立电影的小公司工作，并试图在开始为梅洛代言时扩展到管理层。

#3.0:
He also apologizes to her , their children , and his fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .
他还向她、他们的孩子和其他奥斯卡提名人道歉。
He later apologizes to her , their children , and his fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .
后来，他向她、他们的孩子以及其他奥斯卡提名人道歉。

#4.0:
He then apologizes to her , their children , and his fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .
然后，他向她、他们的孩子和其他奥斯卡提名人道歉。
He also apologizes to her , their children , and her fellow Academy Award nominees in the post .
他还向她、他们的孩子以及她在该职位上的奥斯卡奖提名人表示歉意。

#7.0:
The movies outlined for Phase 5 and the glimpse provided of Phase 6 indicates that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scope associated with the story that culminated in " Endgame .
第五阶段概述的电影和第六阶段提供的一瞥表明，漫威渴望恢复与故事相关的史诗般的范围，最终以“结局”告终。
The movies outlined for Phase 4 and the glimpse provided of Phase 6 indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scope associated with the story that culminated in " Endgame .
第四阶段概述的电影和第六阶段提供的一瞥表明，漫威渴望恢复以《终局》为高潮的故事的史诗般范围。

#13.0:
Acquainted since grade school , the pair had much in common being children of immigrants .
两人从小学就认识了，他们都是移民的孩子。
Acquainted since high school , the pair had much in common being sons of immigrants .
这对夫妇从高中就认识了，他们都是移民的儿子。

#14.0:
Acquainted since elementary school , the pair had much in common being children of immigrants .
两人从小学就相识，他们都是移民的孩子，有很多共同之处。
Acquainted since high school , the pair had much in common as children of immigrants .
他们从高中就认识了，作为移民的孩子，他们有很多共同之处。

#15.0:
" When you give me this award , you honor my father , Paul Sorvino , who has taught me everything I know about acting , " she said at the time .
“当你给我这个奖项时，你是在纪念我的父亲保罗·索维诺，他教会了我关于表演的一切，”她当时说。
" If you give me this award , you honor my father , Paul Sorvino , who has taught me everything I know about acting , " she said at the time .
她当时说：“如果你给我这个奖，你就是在纪念我的父亲保罗·索维诺，他教会了我所有关于表演的知识。”。

#19.0:
Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a statement about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
只有她才能播放一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲，她没有发表关于美国状况的声明，而是让我们知道她“迫不及待地想支持它”。
Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the nation , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
只有她才能播放一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲，她没有向我们传达关于国家状况的信息，而是让我们知道她“迫不及待地想支持它”。

#20.0:
Only she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " but instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
只有她才能播放一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲，但她没有向我们传达关于美国现状的信息，而是让我们知道她“迫不及待地想支持它”。
If she could drop a track titled " America Has a Problem " and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country , she lets us know she " Ca n ' t wait to back it up .
如果她能播放一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲，而不是传递一个关于国家状况的信息，她会让我们知道她“迫不及待地想支持它”。

#21.0:
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
尼日利亚艺术家Tems演唱了鲍勃·马利的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和圣达菲三K党的《大豆》的封面，这张专辑也出现在专辑中。
Nigerian musician Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
尼日利亚音乐家Tems演唱了鲍勃·马利的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和圣菲三K党的《大豆》的封面。

#22.0:
Nigerian singer Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
尼日利亚歌手Tems演唱了Bob Marley的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和Santa Fe Klan的《大豆》的封面，这张专辑也出现在专辑中。
Nigerian rapper Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
尼日利亚说唱歌手Tems演唱了鲍勃·马利的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和圣菲三K党的《大豆》的封面，这张专辑也有特色。

#23.0:
Nigerian artist Tems sings a version of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
尼日利亚艺术家Tems演唱了Bob Marley的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和圣菲三K党的《大豆》版本，这张专辑也出现在专辑中。
Colombian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley ' s " No Woman , No Cry , " " A Body , A Coffin " by Amaarae and " Soy " by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album .
哥伦比亚艺术家Tems演唱了Bob Marley的《没有女人，没有哭泣》、《阿玛雷的一具尸体，一具棺材》和圣菲三K党的《大豆》的封面。

#25.0:
But I do n ' t see there being any problem with having the best of both worlds .
但我看不出两全其美有什么问题。
But I do n ' t see there being a problem with being the best of both worlds .
但我看不出两个世界都是最好的有什么问题。

#26.0:
But I do n ' t see that being a problem with having the best of both worlds .
但我不认为这是两全其美的问题。
But I do n ' t see there being a problem with getting the best of both worlds .
但我看不出两者兼得有什么问题。

#27.0:
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
法官马尔科·耶苏斯·朱贝里亚斯认为，这三年中，夏奇拉每年在西班牙生活超过200天，因此她有责任在西班牙纳税。
Judge Juan Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
Juan Jesús Juberías法官辩称，这三年中，夏奇拉每年在西班牙生活超过200天，因此她有责任在西班牙纳税。

#28.0:
Judge José Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
法官JoséJesús Juberías认为，这三年中，夏奇拉每年在西班牙生活超过200天，因此她有责任在西班牙纳税。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain during each of those three years , making her liable to pay taxes in the country .
法官马尔科·耶苏斯·朱贝里亚斯认为，在这三年中，夏奇拉每年在西班牙生活超过200天，因此她有责任在西班牙纳税。

#30.0:
Accomplish that , and by 2025 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2025年，我们可能会回过头来说，漫威刚刚经历了一个阶段。
Accomplish that , and by 2035 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2035年，我们可以回过头来说，漫威刚刚经历了一个阶段。

#31.0:
Accomplish that , and by 2027 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2027年，我们可能会回过头来说，漫威刚刚经历了一个阶段。
Accomplish that , and by 2025 we might look back and say that Marvel is just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2025年，我们可能会回过头来说，漫威只是经历了一个阶段。

#32.0:
Accomplish that , and by 2025 they might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2025年，他们可能会回过头来说，漫威只是经历了一个阶段。
Accomplish that , and by 2026 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase .
要做到这一点，到2026年，我们可能会回过头来说，漫威刚刚经历了一个阶段。

#35.0:
She also honored her uncle in a 2019 speech before accepting a GLAAD award : " He lived his truth .
她还在2019年接受GLAAD奖之前的一次演讲中向叔叔致敬：“他实践了自己的真理。
She also honored her uncle with a 2019 speech while accepting a GLAAD award : " He lived his truth .
她还在2019年接受GLAAD奖时发表演讲，向叔叔致敬：“他实践了自己的真理。

#36.0:
" We similar , we not congruent , " Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which appears to have been recorded before the split .
“我们是相似的，我们不是一致的，”梅罗在霍法的播客中谈到他和德索斯时说，这似乎是在分裂之前录制的。
" Not similar , we not congruent , " Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which appears to have been recorded before the split .
“不相似，我们不一致，”梅罗在霍法的播客中谈到他和德索斯时说，这似乎是在分裂之前录制的。

#37.0:
" I similar , we not congruent , " Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which appears to have been recorded before the split .
“我很相似，我们并不一致，”梅罗在霍法的播客中谈到他和德索斯，这似乎是在分手前录制的。
" We similar , we not congruent , " Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa ' s podcast , which seems to have been recorded before the split .
“我们是相似的，我们不是一致的，”梅罗在霍法的播客中谈到他和德苏斯时说，这似乎是在分裂之前录制的。

#39.0:
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
史密斯在开了一个关于他妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯的发型的玩笑后，冲上了舞台，大发雷霆。
Smith stormed the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
史密斯开了一个关于他妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯（Jada Pinkett Smith）患有脱发的玩笑后，冲上了舞台，撞上了岩石。

#40.0:
Smith entered the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
史密斯在开了一个关于他妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯（Jada Pinkett Smith）患有脱发的玩笑后登上舞台，大放异彩。
Smith took the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
史密斯在戏谑了自己患有秃发的妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯的发型后，登上舞台，大放异彩。

#41.0:
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock when he made a joke about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
当史密斯开玩笑说他的妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯的发型患有脱发时，他冲上了舞台，大发雷霆。
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a remark about his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith ' s hairstyle , who suffers from alopecia .
史密斯在评论了他的妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯患有脱发的发型后，冲上了舞台，撞上了岩石。

#44.0:
" Yes " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited seventh album does n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .
“是的”当然是这样，如果社会媒体可信的话，这位格莱美奖得主热切期待的第七张专辑不会让人失望。
" Renaissance " is that , of course , and the Grammy winner ' s eagerly awaited second album does n ' t disappoint , if social media is to be believed .
“文艺复兴”当然就是这样，如果社会媒体可信的话，这位格莱美奖得主热切期待的第二张专辑不会让人失望。

#46.0:
Beyoncé pays tribute to her late Uncle Donny , a gay man , with her latest project .
碧昂斯用她的最新项目向已故的同性恋叔叔唐尼致敬。
Beyoncé pays homage to her late Uncle Jonny , a gay man , with her latest project .
碧昂斯用她的最新作品向已故的同性恋叔叔乔尼致敬。

#48.0:
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
《Desus&Mero》的结局不仅仅是两位老朋友的疏远。
The events of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus&Mero”事件不仅仅是两位老朋友的疏远。

#49.0:
The story of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus&Mero”的故事不仅仅是两位老朋友的疏远。
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two childhood friends .
《Desus&Mero》的结尾不仅仅是两个童年朋友的疏远。

#50.0:
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two close friends .
《Desus&Mero》的结局不仅仅标志着两位亲密朋友的疏远。
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than simply the estrangement of two longtime friends .
《Desus&Mero》的结尾不仅仅是两位老朋友的疏远。

#53.0:
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of our group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在团队之外做事。
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of this group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在这个群体之外做事情。

#56.0:
Remember that , " she said before her death in the 2018 episode " The Death of the Mighty Thor .
记住这一点，”她在2018集《强大的雷神之死》中临终前说。
Remember that , " she said before her death in the 2018 issue " The Return of the Mighty Thor .
“记住，”她在2018年发行的《强大的雷神归来》中临终前说。

#59.0:
" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he said , clarifying his statement .
“好吧，别担心，这将是一个漫长的过程，”他在澄清自己的陈述时说。
" Well , do n ' t worry , it ' s going to be a long act , " he said , clarifying his words .
“好吧，别担心，这将是一个漫长的过程，”他澄清了自己的话。

#60.0:
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost 10 years ago .
在这部新片中，漫威电影宇宙介绍了简·福斯特的一个版本，她在近10年前首次出现在漫画中。
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics over 10 years ago .
在这部新片中，漫威电影宇宙介绍了10年前首次出现在漫画中的简·福斯特的一个版本。

#61.0:
With this new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost 10 years ago .
凭借这部新片，《漫威电影宇宙》介绍了简·福斯特的一个版本，她在近10年前首次出现在漫画中。
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics some 10 years ago .
在这部新片中，漫威电影宇宙介绍了大约10年前第一次出现在漫画中的简·福斯特的一个版本。

#62.0:
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics about 10 years ago .
在这部新片中，漫威电影宇宙介绍了大约10年前第一次出现在漫画中的简·福斯特的一个版本。
With the new film , the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost 20 years ago .
在这部新片中，漫威电影宇宙介绍了20年前第一次出现在漫画中的简·福斯特。

#64.0:
" on ABC in primetime and will host the main show for a period of time beginning in March .
“在美国广播公司黄金时段播出，并将在三月份开始的一段时间内主持主要节目。
" on ABC in primetime and will host the main show for a period of time beginning in July .
在美国广播公司黄金时段播出，并将在7月开始的一段时间内主持主要节目。

#65.0:
" on ABC in primetime and will host the main show for a period of time beginning in September .
在美国广播公司黄金时段播出，并将在9月开始的一段时间内主持主要节目。
" on ABC in primetime and will host the main show for a period of time beginning in August .
“在美国广播公司黄金时段播出，并将在8月开始的一段时间内主持主要节目。

#67.0:
He continued : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .
他继续说道：“我很荣幸地说我是一个后街男孩，我为2022年成为后街男孩而自豪。
He said : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .
他说：“我很荣幸地说，我是一个后街男孩，我为2022年成为后街男孩感到骄傲。

#68.0:
He wrote : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2022 .
他写道：“我很荣幸地说我是一个后街男孩，我为2022年成为后街男孩而自豪。
He added : " I ' m honored to say that I ' m a Backstreet Boy , and I ' m proud to be a Backstreet Boy in 2024 .
他补充道：“我很荣幸地说我是一个后街男孩，我为2024年成为后街男孩而自豪。

#71.0:
Producers for the beloved game show also decided to keep former " Big Bang Theory " star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as " Jeopardy " hosts for the foreseeable future , with the pair splitting duties .
深受喜爱的游戏节目制作人还决定在可预见的未来保留前《生活大爆炸》明星玛伊姆·比亚利克和冠军肯·詹宁斯担任《危险边缘》主持人，两人分工合作。
Producers for the beloved game show had decided to keep former " Big Bang Theory " star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as " Jeopardy " hosts for the foreseeable future , with the pair splitting duties .
备受喜爱的游戏节目制作人决定在可预见的未来保留前《生活大爆炸》明星玛伊姆·比亚利克和冠军肯·詹宁斯担任《危险边缘》主持人，两人分担责任。

#72.0:
Bey honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
贝用专辑中最伟大的一句台词来纪念他：“乔尼叔叔做了我的衣服，”她在“热”上唱道。
Bey credits him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
贝将这张专辑中最伟大的一句台词归功于他：“乔尼叔叔做了我的裙子，”她在“热”上唱道。

#73.0:
Bey surprises him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
贝用专辑中最伟大的一句台词让他大吃一惊：“Jonny叔叔做了我的裙子，”她在“加热”中唱道。
Bey honors him with one of her greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
贝在专辑中用她最伟大的台词之一向他致敬：“乔尼叔叔做了我的裙子，”她在“热”上唱道。

#74.0:
Bey honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sang on " Heated .
贝用专辑中最伟大的一句台词来纪念他：“乔尼叔叔做了我的衣服，”她唱了“热”。
She honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album : " Uncle Jonny made my dress , " she sings on " Heated .
她用专辑中最伟大的一句台词来纪念他：“乔尼叔叔做了我的衣服，”她在“加热”中唱道。

#76.0:
Will Smith is " deeply remorseful " about slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards that March .
威尔·史密斯对当年3月在奥斯卡颁奖典礼上打了克里斯·洛克一巴掌“深感懊悔”。
Will Smith is " deeply remorseful " about slapping Chris Rock after the Academy Awards in March .
威尔·史密斯对三月份奥斯卡颁奖典礼后打了克里斯·洛克一巴掌“深感懊悔”。

#77.0:
Kevin Smith is " deeply remorseful " about slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards in March .
凯文·史密斯对今年3月在奥斯卡颁奖典礼上打了克里斯·洛克一巴掌“深感懊悔”。
Will Smith is " deeply remorseful " for slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards in March .
威尔·史密斯因在三月份的奥斯卡颁奖典礼上打了克里斯·洛克一巴掌而“深感悔恨”。

#78.0:
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
布朗克斯土生土长的梅罗称洛佩兹是一个聪明的“牙买加南区，皇后区的孩子”，他以优异的成绩毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅罗的喜剧作品。
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens guy " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
布朗克斯土生土长的梅洛形容洛佩兹是一个聪明的“牙买加南区皇后区的家伙”，他以优异的成绩大学毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅洛的喜剧作品。

#79.0:
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before she became famous .
布朗克斯土生土长的梅洛形容洛佩兹是一个聪明的“牙买加南区，皇后区的孩子”，她以优异的成绩毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅洛的喜剧作品。
Brooklyn native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
布鲁克林本地人梅洛形容洛佩兹是一个聪明的“南区牙买加，皇后区的孩子”，他以优异的成绩大学毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅洛的喜剧作品。

#80.0:
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " East side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
布朗克斯土生土长的梅洛称洛佩兹是一个聪明的“牙买加东区皇后区的孩子”，他以优异的成绩毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅洛的喜剧作品。
Jamaica native Mero described Lopez as a smart , " South side Jamaica , Queens kid " who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero ' s comedy writing before he became famous .
牙买加本地人梅洛形容洛佩兹是一个聪明的“牙买加南区，皇后区的孩子”，他以优异的成绩从大学毕业，在成名前偶然发现了梅洛的喜剧作品。

#81.0:
The successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .
DNA世界巡回赛第二站的成功展示了后街男孩在30年后的强大。
The successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after four decades .
DNA世界巡回赛第二站的成功展示了四十年后后街男孩们的实力。

#83.0:
The successful third leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .
DNA世界巡回赛第三站的成功展示了后街男孩在30年后的坚强。
A successful second leg of the DNA World Tour is showing how strong the Backstreet Boys are after three decades .
DNA世界巡回赛第二站的成功展示了后街男孩在30年后的强大。

#86.0:
" You asked a lot of fair questions and I wanted to take some time to answer .
“你问了很多公平的问题，我想花点时间回答。
" You asked a lot of fair questions that I needed to take some time to answer .
“你问了很多公平的问题，我需要花点时间来回答。

#87.0:
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
梅洛对洛佩兹表面上的忠诚背后有着悠久的历史，可以追溯到该剧诞生之前。
There is history behind Lucero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
卢塞罗对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有着悠久的历史，可以追溯到该剧诞生之前。

#89.0:
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that goes back to well before the show came to be .
梅洛对洛佩兹表面上的忠诚背后有着悠久的历史，可以追溯到该剧诞生之前。
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to long before the show came to be .
梅洛对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有着悠久的历史，可以追溯到该剧诞生之前。

#90.0:
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍摄了《水瓶座2》中的所有精彩片段，以及我所有的阿罗哈j。
busted on set all great things coming SQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍下了《SQUAMAN 2》和《我的阿罗哈j》。”字幕写道。

#91.0:
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my moha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍摄了《水瓶座2》的所有精彩片段，以及我的莫哈j，”字幕写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my joha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍摄了《水瓶座2》和《我的joha j》中的所有精彩片段。

#92.0:
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my boha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍摄了《水瓶座2》和《我的日本大银行》中的所有精彩片段。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my koha j , " the caption read .
在片场拍摄了《水瓶座2》中的所有精彩片段，都是我的koha j。

#95.0:
Sweeney did n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication stating , " I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .
斯威尼不想在这方面投入太多，因为该出版物说：“我完全信任与我合作的电影制作人，无论山姆写什么，我都非常兴奋。
Sweeney did n ' t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying , " I really trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and I ' m always so excited for whatever Sam writes .
斯威尼不想太深究这一点，因为该出版物说：“我真的很信任与我合作的电影制作人，无论山姆写什么，我都非常兴奋。

#98.0:
" Over the last several months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
“在过去的几个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。
" Over the last six months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
在过去的六个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。

#102.0:
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend .
致力于漫威的粉丝们将不得不拭目以待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂如何在本周末上映时将简·福斯特的雷神带入生活。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life once the film hits theaters this weekend .
致力于漫威的粉丝们将不得不拭目以待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂（Taika Waititi）将简·福斯特（Jane Foster）的《雷神》（Thor）如何在本周末上映。

#103.0:
Voted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend .
《惊奇漫画》的粉丝们将不得不拭目以待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂如何在本周末上映时将简·福斯特的《雷神》带入生活。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life before the film hits theaters this weekend .
致力于漫威的粉丝们将不得不等待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂如何在本周末上映前将简·福斯特的雷神复活。

#104.0:
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life as the film hits theaters this weekend .
致力于漫威的粉丝们将不得不拭目以待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂如何将简·福斯特的《雷神》在本周末上映。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster ' s Thor to life when the film hits theaters next weekend .
致力于漫威的粉丝们将不得不等待，看看导演泰卡·维蒂蒂（Taika Waititi）如何将简·福斯特（Jane Foster）的《雷神》（Thor）在下周末上映。

#108.0:
That ' s not an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这不是一笔糟糕的交易，但如果你在等待情况好转，那就不要屏息以待。
It ' s not an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这不是一笔糟糕的交易，但如果你在等待它变得更好，那就别屏住呼吸。

#109.0:
That ' s not an awful bargain , but while you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这不是一笔糟糕的交易，但当你在等待情况好转时，不要屏住呼吸。
That ' s really an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这真是一笔糟糕的交易，但如果你在等待它好转，那就别屏住呼吸。

#110.0:
That ' s not an awful bargain , and if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这不是一笔糟糕的交易，如果你在等待情况好转，那就别屏住呼吸。
That ' s quite an awful bargain , but if you ' re waiting for it to get better , well , do n ' t hold your breath .
这是一笔很糟糕的交易，但如果你在等待它好转，那就别屏息以待。

#116.0:
After a run in Beverly Hills , the restaurant will go on tour , hitting New York , Miami , San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months , through Spring 2023 .
在比佛利山庄（Beverly Hills）运营后，该餐厅将继续巡演，在接下来的几个月里，直到2023年春季，将在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥开业。
After its run in Beverly Hills , the restaurant will go on tour , hitting New York , Miami , San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months , through Spring 2022 .
在比佛利山庄开业后，这家餐厅将继续巡演，在接下来的几个月里，直到2022年春天，将在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥开业。

#117.0:
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .
导演马里奥·迪亚兹（Mario Diaz）和杰西卡·谢里夫（Jessica Sherif）也通过采访一些过去的喜剧演员的孩子来个性化演示，比如普赖尔的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif helped personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .
导演马里奥·迪亚兹（Mario Diaz）和杰西卡·谢里夫（Jessica Sherif）采访了一些过去的喜剧演员的孩子，如普赖尔的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩（Rain）。

#118.0:
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif would personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .
导演马里奥·迪亚兹（Mario Diaz）和杰西卡·谢里夫（Jessica Sherif）将通过采访一些过去的喜剧演员的孩子来个性化演示，比如普赖尔的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of several of the past comedians featured , such as Pryor ' s daughters , Elizabeth and Rain .
导演马里奥·迪亚兹（Mario Diaz）和杰西卡·谢里夫（Jessica Sherif）还采访了几位过去的喜剧演员的孩子，如普赖尔的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩（Rain）。

#120.0:
If I have a successful album , it only reflects on my success with the group , where I started and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果我有一张成功的专辑，那只会反映出我在乐队的成功，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。
If we have a successful album , it only reflects on my success with the group , where I started and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果我们有一张成功的专辑，那只能反映出我在乐队中的成功，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。

#121.0:
If you have a successful album , it only reflects on my success with the group , where I started and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果你有一张成功的专辑，那只能反映出我在乐队中的成功，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。
If I have a successful album , it only reflects on my success with the group , where I began and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果我有一张成功的专辑，那只会反映出我在乐队的成功，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。

#122.0:
If I have a successful album , it only reflects on my work with the group , where I started and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果我有一张成功的专辑，它只会反映出我与乐队的合作，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。
If I have a successful album , it only reflects on my time with the group , where I started and where I will always return to , " McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom .
如果我有一张成功的专辑，它只反映了我在乐队的时间，我从哪里开始，我将永远回到哪里，”麦克莱恩通过Zoom告诉CNN en Espaol。

#123.0:
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
十几岁的孩子们发现自己被一个不明身份的袭击者折磨着，他想让他们为父母的所作所为付出代价，因此剧名中有了“原罪”。
The kids find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
孩子们发现自己被一个不明身份的袭击者折磨着，并打算让他们为父母的所作所为付出代价，因此在节目标题中出现了“原罪”。

#125.0:
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant bent on making them pay for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
十几岁的孩子们发现自己被一个不明身份的袭击者折磨着，这个袭击者一心想让他们为父母的所作所为付出代价，因此节目标题中出现了“原罪”。
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them suffer for what their parents did , hence the " original sin " in the show title .
十几岁的孩子们发现自己被一个不明身份的袭击者折磨着，这个袭击者试图让他们为父母的所作所为而受苦，因此在节目标题中被称为“原罪”。

#130.0:
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello in " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .
索维诺还在《哈莱姆教父》中扮演了歹徒弗兰克·科斯特洛，虽然他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色，但没有人能像他那样扮演暴徒。
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " but while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .
索维诺在《哈莱姆教父》中也扮演了歹徒弗兰克·科斯特洛，但尽管他有很多令人难以置信的角色，但没有人能像他那样扮演黑帮。

#131.0:
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one played a mob guy like he did .
索维诺还在《哈莱姆教父》中扮演了歹徒弗兰克·科斯特洛，虽然他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色，但没有人能像他那样扮演黑帮。
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Lou Costello on " The Godfather of Harlem , " and while he had a multitude of incredible roles , no one portrayed a mob guy like he did .
索维诺还在《哈莱姆教父》中饰演黑帮成员卢·科斯特洛，虽然他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色，但没有人能像他那样扮演黑帮。

#132.0:
The former employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
这位前雇员告诉美国有线电视新闻网，这部剧的工作人员和剧组成员都精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。
The station employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
该电视台的工作人员告诉CNN，该节目的工作人员和剧组成员都精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。

#133.0:
The same employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
同一名员工告诉CNN，该节目的工作人员和剧组成员都感到精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。
A former employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
一位前雇员告诉CNN，这部剧的工作人员和剧组成员都精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。

#134.0:
The studio employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
该工作室的员工告诉CNN，该剧的工作人员和剧组成员都精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。
One former employee told CNN that energy carried over to the staff and crew on the show , which operated smoothly and like a family .
一位前雇员告诉CNN，这部剧的工作人员和剧组成员都精力充沛，运作顺利，就像一家人一样。

#135.0:
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to ask people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
蜂巢的成员们聚集在社交媒体上，要求人们不要分享或收听外泄的文件。
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base was known , swarmed social media to ask people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
蜂巢的成员，她忠实的粉丝群，蜂拥在社交媒体上，要求人们不要分享或收听外泄的文件。

#136.0:
Members of The Hive , as her online fan base is known , swarmed social media to ask people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
蜂巢的成员，正如她的在线粉丝群所知，蜂拥在社交媒体上，要求人们不要分享或收听外泄的文件。
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to ask fans to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
蜂巢的成员们聚集在社交媒体上，要求粉丝们不要分享或收听外泄的文件。

#137.0:
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to tell people to please not share or listen to the leaked files that were out there .
蜂巢的成员们聚集在社交媒体上，告诉人们不要分享或收听外泄的文件。
Members of The Hive , as her devoted fan base is known , swarmed social media to ask people to please not share or listen to any leaked files that were out there .
正如她忠实的粉丝群所知，“蜂巢”的成员蜂拥在社交媒体上，要求人们不要分享或收听任何泄露的文件。

#138.0:
Queen Bey also comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and with this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
贝伊女王还推出了她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她将一切都展现出来。
The Bey also comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and with this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
贝伊也有她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她把一切都展现出来了。

#139.0:
Queen Bee also comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and with this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
Queen Bee还推出了她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她将一切都展现出来。
Queen Bey also comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and on this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
贝伊女王还推出了她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她将这一切都展现出来。

#140.0:
Queen Bey always comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and with this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
贝伊女王总是带着她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她让一切都展现出来。
Queen Mary also comes with her brand of empowered sexy , and with this album , she ' s letting it all hang out .
玛丽女王还推出了她的性感品牌，在这张专辑中，她将一切都展现出来。

#143.0:
She called her Uncle Jonny " the most fabulous gay person I ' ve ever known and ever knew " and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister , Solange .
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我所认识和认识的最棒的同性恋者”，并称赞他帮助抚养了她和她的妹妹Solange。
She called her Uncle Donny " the most fabulous gay man I ' ve ever known and ever knew " and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister , Solange .
她称她的叔叔唐尼为“我所认识和认识的最棒的男同性恋”，并称赞他帮助抚养了她和她的妹妹索兰奇。

#144.0:
" The fact that Mero is on the same wavelength and bandwidth with me , that ' s the secret in the sauce , " he said .
“事实上，梅洛和我在同一波长和带宽上，这就是酱汁中的秘密，”他说。
" The fact that Mero is on the same wavelength and bandwidth with you , that ' s the secret in the sauce , " he said .
他说：“事实上，Mero和你在同一波长和带宽上，这就是酱汁中的秘密。”。

#145.0:
" The fact that Mero is on the same wavelength and bandwidth with me , that ' s the secret in the sauce , " she said .
她说：“梅洛和我在同一波长和带宽上，这是秘密。”。
" The fact that Mero is on the same wavelength and bandwidth with me , it ' s the secret in the sauce , " he said .
“事实上，梅洛和我在同一波长和带宽上，这是调味汁中的秘密，”他说。

#146.0:
" The fact that Mero is on the same wavelength and bandwidth as me , that ' s the secret in the sauce , " he said .
“事实上，梅洛和我在同一波长和带宽上，这就是酱汁中的秘密，”他说。
" The fact that Mero was on the same wavelength and bandwidth with me , that ' s the secret in the sauce , " he said .
他说：“梅洛和我在同一波长和带宽上，这是调味汁中的秘密。”。

#147.0:
Between the new music and the recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
在新音乐和最近发布的预告片之间，我已经有了自己的感觉。
Between the new music and the newly released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
在新音乐和新发布的预告片之间，我已经沉浸在我的情感中了。

#148.0:
With the new music and the recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
有了新音乐和最近发布的预告片，我已经沉浸在我的情感中了。
Between the new music and the just released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
在新音乐和刚刚发布的预告片之间，我已经有了自己的感觉。

#149.0:
Despite the new music and the recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
尽管有新的音乐和最近发布的预告片，我已经沉浸在我的情感中了。
Between the new music and a recently released teaser trailer , I am already in my feelings .
在新音乐和最近发布的预告片之间，我已经有了自己的感觉。

#152.0:
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be termed a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女孩”并生活在洛杉矶地区的人很快就会有一个只能被称为黄金机会的机会。
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon get what can only be called a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女孩”并生活在洛杉矶地区的人很快就会得到一个只能称之为黄金机会的机会。

#153.0:
" The album also features contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , TS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Dijon .
这张专辑还收录了LGBTQ+明星大Freedia、TS Madison和变性DJ以及制片人Honey Dijon的贡献。
" The album also features contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , JS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Dijon .
这张专辑还收录了LGBTQ+明星大Freedia、JS Madison、变性DJ和制片人Honey Dijon的贡献。

#155.0:
" The album also includes contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , TS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Dijon .
这张专辑还包括LGBTQ+明星大Freedia、TS Madison和变性DJ以及制片人Honey Dijon的贡献。
" The album also features contributions from LGBTQ + stars Big Freedia , TS Madison and transgender DJ and producer Honey Diva .
这张专辑还收录了LGBTQ+明星大Freedia、TS Madison、变性DJ和制作人Honey Diva的贡献。

#156.0:
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这种文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落天使，他们的贡献太久以来都未被认可。”。
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for much too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这一文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落的天使，他们的贡献长期以来未被认可。”。

#157.0:
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have remained unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这一文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落天使，他们的贡献长期未被认可。”。
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have been unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这种文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落天使，他们的贡献长期以来都未被认可。”。

#158.0:
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the guardian angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创文化的先驱者，感谢所有长期以来未被认可的守护天使。”。
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose deeds have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这种文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落的天使，他们的事迹已经太久没有得到承认了。”。

#159.0:
You can indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to its modestly scaled ambitions and once again knocking ' em dead .
你确实可以，但这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀”实现其适度规模的野心，并再次将其击毙。
You can indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to its generously scaled ambitions and once again knocking ' em dead .
你确实可以，但这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀”实现其规模宏大的野心，并再次将他们击毙。

#160.0:
You will indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to its modestly scaled ambitions and once again knocking ' em dead .
你会的，这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀”实现其适度规模的野心，并再次将他们击毙。
You do indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to its modestly scaled ambitions and once again knocking ' em dead .
确实如此，但这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀”实现其适度规模的野心，并再次将其击毙。

#161.0:
You can indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to their modestly scaled ambitions and once again knocking ' em dead .
你确实可以，但这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀案”实现他们适度规模的野心，并再次将他们击毙。
You can indeed , which does n ' t prevent " Only Murders " from living up to its modestly scaled ambitions by once again knocking ' em dead .
你确实可以这样做，但这并不能阻止“唯一的谋杀”通过再次击毙他们来实现其适度规模的野心。

#165.0:
Freedia has lent her signature voice , deep and vibrant , on several mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
弗里迪亚在几首主流歌曲中都展现了她标志性的声音，深沉而充满活力，其中包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂斯的《队形》。
Cydia has lent her signature voice , deep and vibrant , on several mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
Cydia在几首主流歌曲中，包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂丝的《队形》，都赋予了她标志性的声音，深沉而充满活力。

#166.0:
Freedia has lent her signature voice , deep and vibrant , on numerous mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
弗里迪亚在许多主流曲目中都有她标志性的声音，深沉而充满活力，包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂丝的《队形》。
Freedia has lent her distinctive voice , deep and vibrant , on several mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
弗里迪亚在几首主流歌曲中都展现了她独特的声音，深沉而充满活力，包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂丝的《队形》。

#167.0:
Freedia has lent her signature voice , smooth and vibrant , on several mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
弗里迪亚在几首主流歌曲中都展现了她标志性的声音，流畅而充满活力，包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂丝的《队形》。
Freedia has lent her signature voice , deep and vibrant , on many mainstream tracks , including Drake ' s " Nice for What , " and , of course , Beyoncé ' s " Formation .
弗里迪亚在许多主流曲目中都有她标志性的声音，深沉而充满活力，包括德雷克的《为什么而好》，当然还有碧昂丝的《队形》。

#168.0:
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五被取消，如果你不在乎的话，你可能想远离社交媒体。
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media because you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五被取消，所以你可能想远离社交媒体，因为你不在乎这一点。

#169.0:
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media and you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五被取消，所以你可能想远离社交媒体，而你对此并不在意。
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media but you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五被取消，所以你可能想远离社交媒体，但你不在乎。

#176.0:
Emmett Till ' s life and and his and his mother ' s struggle for justice are shown in the powerful new trailer for the movie " Till .
埃米特·蒂尔的生活以及他和他母亲为正义而奋斗的经历在电影《蒂尔》的新预告片中展示。
Emerging Till ' s life and and his and his mother ' s fight for justice are shown in the powerful new trailer for the movie " Till .
电影《蒂尔》的新预告片展示了蒂尔的生活以及他和他母亲为正义而战的经历。

#179.0:
They briefly joined MTV ' s " Guy Code " before launching their extremely popular " Bodega Boys " podcast , the precursor to " Desus & Mero .
他们在推出极受欢迎的“Bodega Boys”播客之前短暂加入了MTV的“Guy Code”，这是“Desus&Mero”的前身。
They then joined MTV ' s " Guy Code " before launching their very popular " Bodega Boys " podcast , the precursor to " Desus & Mero .
然后他们加入了MTV的“Guy Code”，然后推出了他们非常受欢迎的“Bodega Boys”播客，这是“Desus&Mero”的前身。

#180.0:
Smith posted a video to his verified Instagram account on Friday that began with the words on screen , " It ' s been a minute .
史密斯周五在他的Instagram账号上发布了一段视频，视频以屏幕上的文字开头：“已经一分钟了。”。
Smith uploaded a video to his verified Instagram account on Friday that began with the words on screen , " It ' s been a minute .
史密斯在周五上传了一段视频到他的Instagram账号上，视频以屏幕上的文字开头：“已经一分钟了。”。

#186.0:
" Black Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private .
“黑豹”明星查德威克·博斯曼在与结肠癌的斗争中于2020年8月去世，他对此保密。
" Black Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer which he kept private .
“黑豹”明星查德威克·博斯曼于2020年8月在与结肠癌的斗争中去世，他对此保密。

#187.0:
" Black Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in July 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private .
“黑豹”明星查德威克·博斯曼在与结肠癌的斗争中于2020年7月去世，他对此保密。
" The Panther " star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private .
《黑豹》主演查德威克·博斯曼于2020年8月去世，此前他与结肠癌进行了一场私人斗争。

#191.0:
The song took inspiration from Prince and George Michael and incorporates funk falsettos that contrast with the singer ' s signature raspy voice .
这首歌的灵感来自普林斯和乔治·迈克尔，并融入了与这位歌手标志性的刺耳嗓音形成鲜明对比的芬克假声。
The song draws influence from Prince and George Michael and incorporates funk falsettos that contrast with the singer ' s signature raspy voice .
这首歌受到普林斯和乔治·迈克尔的影响，并融入了与这位歌手标志性的刺耳嗓音形成鲜明对比的芬克假声。

#192.0:
The song celebrates love and how a relationship should feel " as easy as blowing smoke , " McLean said .
麦克莱恩说，这首歌颂扬了爱情，以及一段感情应该如何“像吹烟一样轻松”。
The song celebrates love and how a relationship can feel " as easy as blowing smoke , " McLean said .
麦克莱恩说，这首歌颂扬了爱情，以及一段感情是如何“像抽烟一样轻松”的。

#193.0:
The song addresses love and how a relationship should feel " as easy as blowing smoke , " McLean said .
麦克莱恩说，这首歌讲述了爱情，以及一段感情应该如何“像吹烟一样轻松”。
The song describes love and how a relationship should feel " as easy as blowing smoke , " McLean said .
麦克莱恩说，这首歌描述了爱情，以及一段感情应该是怎样“像吹烟一样轻松”的。

#195.0:
CNN has reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime for comment about the allegations .
CNN已经联系了洛佩兹以及Desus、Mero和Showtime的代表，就这些指控发表评论。
CNN later reached out to Lopez and reps for Desus , Mero and Showtime for comment about the allegations .
CNN随后联系了洛佩兹以及德苏斯、梅罗和Showtime的代表，就这些指控发表评论。

#198.0:
" Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note , " When the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .
“视觉效果创造了让人们想去看电影的魔力，”卢卡斯说，但他的朋友史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格（Steven Spielberg）补充道，“当效果成为故事时，我们迷失了方向。”。
" The effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note , " When the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .
“特效创造了一种魔力，让人们想去看电影，”卢卡斯说，但他的朋友史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格（Steven Spielberg）补充道，“当特效成为故事时，我们迷失了方向。

#200.0:
" Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary detail , " When the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .
“视觉效果创造了让人们想去看电影的魔力，”卢卡斯说，但他的朋友史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格（Steven Spielberg）补充了一个警示性细节，“当效果成为故事时，我们迷失了方向。”。
" Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies , " Lucas says , but his pal Steven Spielberg makes the cautionary note , " When the effects become the story , we ' ve lost our way .
“视觉效果创造了让人们想去看电影的魔力，”卢卡斯说，但他的朋友史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格（Steven Spielberg）提出了警告：“当效果成为故事时，我们迷失了方向。”。

#203.0:
At least the men who have portrayed them on the big screen have gotten back together , with Jason Momoa posting a picture of himself with Ben Affleck on his verified Instagram page .
至少在大银幕上扮演他们的男人们已经重归于好，杰森·莫莫在他的Instagram验证页面上发布了自己和本·阿弗莱克的照片。
At least the men who have portrayed them on the big screen have gotten back together , with Jason Momoa posting a picture of himself with Ben Affleck on his verified Instagram profile .
至少在大银幕上扮演他们的男人们已经重归于好，杰森·莫莫在Instagram上验证了自己和本·阿弗莱克的照片。

#205.0:
It ' s not a full album yet , but three tracks from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
这张专辑还不完整，但《黑豹：永远的和干达》原声带中的三首曲目现在可以流媒体播放。
It ' s not a full album yet , but several songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
这张专辑还不完整，但“黑豹：永远的和干达”原声带中的几首歌曲现在可以流媒体播放。

#206.0:
It ' s not a full album now , but three songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
这张专辑现在还不完整，但“黑豹：永远的和干达”原声带中的三首歌曲现在可以流媒体播放。
It ' s not a full album yet , although three songs from the " Black Panther : Wakanda Forever " soundtrack are now available for streaming .
虽然《黑豹：永远的Wakanda》原声带中的三首歌曲现在可以流媒体播放，但这张专辑还没有完整。

#208.0:
Harris ' Michael is surprised when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
当哈里斯的长期伴侣科林宣布他要搬走时，迈克尔感到惊讶，他时而纳闷到底出了什么问题，时而急于和解。
Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him helplessly wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
当哈里斯的长期伴侣科林宣布他要搬走时，迈克尔感到震惊，他无助地想知道到底出了什么问题，并渴望和解。

#209.0:
Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him idly wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
当哈里斯的长期伴侣科林宣布他要搬走时，迈克尔感到震惊，他无所事事地想知道出了什么问题，并渴望和解。
Harris ' Michael is devastated when his longtime partner Colin announces that he ' s moving out , leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile .
哈里斯的长期伴侣科林宣布他要搬走，这让他时而纳闷到底出了什么问题，时而又急于和解，这让迈克尔非常震惊。

#215.0:
Pinky Smith suffers hair loss due to alopecia , an autoimmune condition that can lead to hair loss .
Pinky Smith因脱发而脱发，这是一种可导致脱发的自身免疫性疾病。
Willett Smith suffers hair loss due to alopecia , an autoimmune condition that can lead to hair loss .
威利特·史密斯因脱发而脱发，这是一种可导致脱发的自身免疫性疾病。

#216.0:
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans , and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic .
惊奇漫画的成功在很大程度上要归功于它的电影被影迷视为事件，而它的宇宙的连通性无疑极大地促进了这种动态。
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans , and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to this dynamic .
惊奇漫画的成功在很大程度上归功于它的电影被影迷视为事件的事实，而它的宇宙的连通性无疑为这一动态做出了巨大贡献。

#217.0:
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are viewed as events by fans , and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic .
惊奇漫画的成功在很大程度上要归功于它的电影被影迷视为事件，而它的宇宙的连通性无疑极大地促进了这种动态。
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are perceived as events by fans , and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic .
漫威的成功在很大程度上要归功于粉丝们将其电影视为事件的事实，其宇宙的连通性无疑为这一动态做出了巨大贡献。

#218.0:
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans , and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed heartily to that dynamic .
惊奇漫画的成功在很大程度上归功于它的电影被影迷视为事件，而它的宇宙的连通性无疑为这一动态做出了巨大贡献。
Marvel ' s success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans , and the connectedness of the universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic .
惊奇漫画的成功在很大程度上归功于它的电影被影迷视为事件，而宇宙的连通性无疑极大地促进了这种动态。

#219.0:
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , writing , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .
在Instagram上，她感谢碧昂斯和她的合作者，并写道：“与你们分享我在芝加哥的音乐根源以及黑人酷儿和跨文化，这个世界是深刻而感性的。
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , stating , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .
在Instagram上，她感谢碧昂斯和她的合作者，并表示：“与你们分享我在芝加哥的音乐根源和黑人酷儿以及跨文化，这是一个深刻而感人的世界。

#220.0:
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , saying , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world is profound and emotional .
在Instagram上，她感谢碧昂斯和她的合作者，说：“与你和世界分享我的芝加哥音乐之根和黑人酷儿和跨文化，是深刻而感人的。
On Instagram , she thanked Beyoncé and her collaborators , writing , " To share my Chicago house music roots and black queer and trans culture with you and the world was profound and emotional .
在Instagram上，她感谢碧昂斯和她的合作者，并写道：“与你们分享我在芝加哥的音乐根源以及黑人酷儿和跨文化，这是一个深刻而感人的世界。

#223.0:
So even though ' Smoke ' is an amazing record , it ' s still not the best record on the album .
因此，尽管《烟》是一张令人惊叹的唱片，但它仍然不是专辑中最好的唱片。
And even though ' Smoke ' is an amazing record , it ' s definitely not the best record on the album .
尽管《烟》是一张惊人的唱片，但它绝对不是这张专辑中最好的唱片。

#224.0:
And even though ' Smoke ' is an awesome record , it ' s still not the best record on the album .
尽管《烟》是一张很棒的唱片，但它仍然不是专辑中最好的唱片。
And even though ' Smoke ' is an amazing record , it ' s also not the best record on the album .
尽管《烟》是一张惊人的唱片，但它也不是专辑中最好的唱片。

#225.0:
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺（Mira Sorvino）因在《强大的阿芙罗狄蒂》中的角色而将1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖献给他时，他非常温柔，哭了起来。
So soft that he broke into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺（Mira Sorvino）将1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖献给他时，他哭了起来。

#226.0:
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her performance in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺因在《强大的阿芙罗狄蒂》中的表演而将1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖献给他时，他哭了起来。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino gave her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺（Mira Sorvino）将1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖授予他时，他哭了起来。

#227.0:
so soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺（Mira Sorvino）因在《强大的阿芙罗狄蒂》中的角色而将1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖献给他时，他非常温柔，哭了起来。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino presented her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in " Mighty Aphrodite " to him .
当他的女儿米拉·索维诺（Mira Sorvino）向他颁发1996年奥斯卡最佳女配角奖时，他温柔得流下了眼泪。

#228.0:
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是挣扎着生存，还是在倒叙中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持着自己的目标，但写作根本没有。
Whether fighting to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为生存而战，还是在闪回中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持自己的目标，但写作根本没有。

#229.0:
Whether trying to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为了生存，还是在闪回中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持自己的目标，但写作根本没有。
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side during the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是挣扎着生存，还是在倒叙中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持着自己的目标，但写作根本没有。

#230.0:
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera keeps up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是挣扎着生存，还是在闪回中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持着自己的目标，但写作根本没有。
Whether struggling to survive or showing her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是挣扎着生存，还是在倒叙中展现出她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持着自己的目标，但文字根本没有。

#233.0:
" If you hang on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends again , " he says .
“如果你坚持下去，我保证我们会再次成为朋友，”他说。
" If you go on I promise we ' ll be able to be friends again , " he concludes .
“如果你继续，我保证我们会再次成为朋友，”他总结道。

#236.0:
Smith also apologizes to Rock ' s mother , family and his brother , Chris Rock , who had starred in the 2007 sitcom " All of Us , " which was created by Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith .
史密斯还向洛克的母亲、家人和弟弟克里斯·洛克致歉，克里斯·洛克曾主演了2007年的情景喜剧《我们所有人》，该剧由史密斯和他的妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯创作。
Smith also apologizes to Rock ' s mother , family and his brother , Tony Rock , who had starred on the 2007 sitcom " All of Us , " which was created by Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith .
史密斯还向洛克的母亲、家人和弟弟托尼·洛克致歉，托尼·洛克曾在2007年的情景喜剧《我们所有人》中出演，该剧由史密斯和他的妻子贾达·平克特·史密斯创作。

#239.0:
For Backstreet Boys ' AJ McLean , pursuing a solo career does n ' t mean he has to step away from the band with which he ' s toured for almost 30 years .
对于后街男孩的AJ McLean来说，追求独唱生涯并不意味着他必须离开与他一起巡演了近30年的乐队。
For Backstreet Boys ' AJ McLean , pursuing a solo career does n ' t mean he has to step away from the band with which he ' s performed for over 30 years .
对于后街男孩的AJ McLean来说，追求独唱生涯并不意味着他必须离开与他一起表演了30多年的乐队。

#241.0:
Mero said Lopez was told by his then boss that if he wanted to remain employed at the company , he needed to distance himself from Mero .
梅罗说，当时的老板告诉洛佩兹，如果他想继续在公司工作，他需要与梅罗保持距离。
Mero said Lopez was told by his then boss that if he wanted to stay employed with the company , he needed to distance himself from Mero .
梅罗说，洛佩兹当时的老板告诉他，如果他想留在公司工作，他需要与梅罗保持距离。

#242.0:
Mero said Lopez was told by his then boss that if Lopez wanted to stay employed at the company , he needed to distance himself from Mero .
梅罗说，洛佩兹当时的老板告诉他，如果洛佩兹想留在公司工作，他需要与梅罗保持距离。
Mero said Lopez was told by his then boss that if he wanted to stay employed by the company , he needed to distance himself from Mero .
梅罗说，当时的老板告诉洛佩兹，如果他想继续受雇于公司，他需要与梅罗保持距离。

#246.0:
Neither man has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
两人都没有透露他们下一步的工作，两人是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。
Neither partner has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
双方都没有透露下一步的工作内容，两人是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。

#247.0:
Neither one has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
两人都没有透露下一步的工作，两人是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。
Neither actor has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
两位演员都没有透露下一步的工作内容，两人是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。

#248.0:
Neither team has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
两支球队都没有透露他们下一步的工作，两人是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。
Neither man has revealed what they are working on next so it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally .
两人都没有透露他们下一步的工作，所以他们是否会在职业上或个人上重聚还有待观察。

#251.0:
In 2014 , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he often " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .
2014年，他在推特上发了一张他写的iPhone便条的截图，上面说他经常“感觉自己不是在飞就是在淹死”。
In April , he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he ' d written that said he sometimes " feels like he ' s either flying or drowning .
今年4月，他在推特上发布了一张他写的iPhone便条的截图，上面写道他有时“感觉自己不是在飞就是在淹死”。

#252.0:
" The number one priority amongst the five of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“在我们五个人中，后街男孩排在第一位，这是震中，”他说。
" Our number one priority amongst the five of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“我们五个人中的头号优先事项是后街男孩，这是震中，”他说。

#253.0:
" My number one priority amongst the five of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“在我们五个人中，我的首要任务是后街男孩，这是震中，”他说。
" The number one priority amongst the four of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“在我们四个人中，后街男孩排在第一位，这是震中，”他说。

#254.0:
" The number one priority amongst the three of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“在我们三人中，后街男孩排在第一位，这是震中，”他说。
" The number one priority of the five of us is Backstreet Boys , which is at the epicenter , " he said .
“我们五个人的首要任务是后街男孩，这是震中，”他说。

#256.0:
Smith stated he " spent the last three months replaying and understanding the nuance and the complexities of what happened in that moment .
史密斯说他“在过去的三个月里重温并理解了当时发生的事情的细微差别和复杂性。
Smith says he " spent the last four months replaying and understanding the nuance and the complexities of what happened in that moment .
史密斯说，他“在过去的四个月里重温并理解了当时发生的事情的细微差别和复杂性。

#258.0:
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯用《舒适》和《教堂女孩》等歌曲来强化自己的能力，在这些歌曲中，她向我们展示了自己的吐痰能力。
Beyoncé showcases her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯展示了她的能力，不仅仅是唱《舒适》和《教堂女孩》这样的歌曲，在这首歌中，她向我们展示了她吐一点唾沫的能力。

#259.0:
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Lazy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯用《懒惰》和《教堂女孩》等歌曲来巩固她的能力，在这些歌曲中，她给了我们一个她吐一点唾沫的能力的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she sends us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯用《舒适》和《教堂女孩》等歌曲来强化她的能力，在这些歌曲中，她向我们展示了自己的吐口水能力。

#260.0:
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Lizzy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯用《丽萃》和《教堂女孩》等歌曲来强化自己的能力，在这些歌曲中，她向我们展示了自己的吐口水能力。
Beyoncé cements her ability to move beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯用《舒适》和《教堂女孩》等歌曲巩固了她的能力，让我们看到了她随地吐痰的能力。

#261.0:
This Kid Mero dude , man he ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of those early years in the clip .
“这个孩子是梅洛的老兄，他是个很有趣的家伙，***，”，梅洛回忆起了视频中早年的情景。
This Kid Mero guy , man he ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of those early years in the clip .
“这个叫梅罗的家伙，他是个很有趣的家伙，***.”梅罗回忆起了视频中早年的情景。

#262.0:
This Kid Mero dude , man he ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of the early years in the clip .
“这个孩子是梅洛的老兄，他很有趣，就像个f***，”，梅洛回忆起了视频中的早年。
This Kid Mero kid , man he ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of those early years in the clip .
“这个孩子是梅洛的孩子，伙计，他很有趣，就像个f***，”，梅洛回忆起了视频中早年的情景。

#263.0:
This Kid Mero dude , man that ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of those early years in the clip .
“这个孩子是梅罗兄弟，他很有趣，就像个f***.”梅罗回忆起了在视频中的那些早年。
This Kid Mero dude , man he ' s funny as f * * * , ' " Mero recalled of those early days in the clip .
“这个孩子是梅洛的老兄，他很有趣，就像个f***.”梅洛回忆起了视频中的那些早期。

#266.0:
Rock has made frequent nods to the slap in comedy shows in the months since , but he has not publicly addressed it at length .
在此后的几个月里，洛克在喜剧节目中频频点头表示赞同，但他并没有就此公开发表长篇大论。
Rock has made subtle nods to the slap in comedy shows in the months since , though he has not publicly addressed it at length .
在此后的几个月里，洛克对喜剧节目中的“耳光”表示了微妙的赞同，尽管他并没有就此公开发表长篇大论。

#267.0:
Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice by double jeopardy .
后来，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，但他们因双重危险而免于进一步的审判。
Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice under double jeopardy .
后来，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，但他们在双重危险下获得了进一步的司法赔偿。

#268.0:
Later , both men admitted to killing Till and they were indemnified from further justice by double jeopardy .
后来，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，并因双重危险获得了进一步的司法赔偿。
Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice as double jeopardy .
后来，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，但他们因双重危险而免于进一步的审判。

#269.0:
Subsequently , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice by double jeopardy .
随后，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，但他们因双重危险而免于进一步的审判。
Later , both men admitted to killing Till but they were indemnified from further justice in double jeopardy .
后来，两人都承认杀害了蒂尔，但他们在双重危险中获得了进一步的司法赔偿。

#271.0:
CNN : I was told Kyler was going be here , and I see him roaming about .
CNN：有人告诉我凯勒会在这里，我看到他在四处游荡。
CNN : I was told Dodger was going be here , and I see him roaming around .
CNN：有人告诉我道奇会在这里，我看到他到处游荡。

#274.0:
The younger Phillippe has been mostly delving into music prior to acting , releasing his first track in 2020 .
年轻的菲利普在演戏之前主要研究音乐，在2020年发行了他的第一首曲目。
The younger Phillippe has been mostly delving into music prior to acting , releasing her debut track in 2020 .
年轻的菲利普在演戏之前主要研究音乐，在2020年发行了她的首张曲目。

#275.0:
The younger Phillippe has been mostly delving into music prior to acting , making his debut track in 2020 .
年轻的菲利普在演戏之前主要从事音乐研究，在2020年首演。
The younger Phillippe has been mostly delving into music prior to acting , with his debut track in 2020 .
年轻的菲利普在演戏之前主要研究音乐，他的首张曲目是在2020年。

#278.0:
A look at some of the shows and movies streaming through Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Disney + in August .
看看8月份通过Netflix、亚马逊、Hulu和迪斯尼+播放的一些节目和电影。
A look at some of the shows and shows streaming on Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Disney + in August .
看看8月份在Netflix、亚马逊、Hulu和迪斯尼+上播放的一些节目和流媒体节目。

#279.0:
CNN has reached out to the prosecutor ' s office for comment , but there has been no response yet .
CNN已联系检察官办公室征求意见，但尚未得到回应。
CNN has reached out to the prosecutor ' s office to comment , but there has been no response yet .
CNN已经联系检察官办公室发表评论，但还没有回应。

#282.0:
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这两人都因其诙谐的推特而成为黑人推特的最爱，然后于2013年12月正式走到一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。
The pair were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这两人在2013年12月专业地聚在一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。

#283.0:
The three were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这三人都因其诙谐的推特而成为黑人推特的最爱，然后在2013年12月专业地聚在一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。
The trio were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这三人都因其诙谐的推文而成为黑人推特的最爱，2013年12月，他们在一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。

#284.0:
The duo were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这两人在2013年12月专业地聚在一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets , before coming together professionally in December 2012 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast , " Desus vs .
这两人都因其诙谐的推特而成为黑人推特的最爱，然后于2012年12月正式走到一起，通过复杂的播客“Desus vs。

#287.0:
In a ruling obtained by CNN , the investigating magistrate said that there is " sufficient evidence " to hold a trial for Shakira ' s alleged tax evasion between the years of 2012 , 2013 and 2014 .
在CNN获得的一项裁决中，调查法官表示，有“足够的证据”对夏奇拉在2012年、2013年和2014年间涉嫌逃税进行审判。
In a ruling obtained by CNN , the investigating magistrate said that there is " sufficient evidence " to hold a trial for Shakira ' s alleged tax evasion for the years of 2011 , 2013 and 2014 .
在CNN获得的一项裁决中，调查法官表示，有“足够的证据”对夏奇拉2011年、2013年和2014年涉嫌逃税的案件进行审判。

#292.0:
According to her , this new album is just " Act One " of three recorded over the pandemic .
据她说，这张新专辑只是大流行期间录制的三张专辑中的“第一幕”。
According to her , the new album is just " Act I " of three recorded over the pandemic .
据她说，新专辑只是大流行期间录制的三张“第一幕”。

#295.0:
She later quipped , " Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the face .
她后来打趣道：“任何说伤害话的人从来没有被打过脸。
He later quipped , " He who says words hurt has never been punched in the face .
他后来打趣道：“说伤人话的人从来没有被打过脸。

#296.0:
He later quipped , " Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the head .
他后来打趣道：“任何说伤害话的人从来没有被打过脑袋。
He later quipped , " Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the stomach .
他后来打趣道：“任何说伤人话的人从来没有被打过肚子。

#297.0:
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image .
史密斯叹了口气，然后表达了他对这场引起全世界头条新闻、玷污了他形象的争吵的看法。
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished her image .
史密斯叹了口气，然后表达了他对这场引起全世界头条新闻并玷污了她形象的争吵的看法。

#298.0:
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation which made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image .
史密斯叹了口气，然后表达了他对一场引起全世界头条新闻并玷污了他形象的争吵的看法。
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished my image .
史密斯叹了口气，然后讲述了他对一场引起全世界头条新闻、玷污我形象的争吵的看法。

#299.0:
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide but tarnished his image .
史密斯叹了口气，然后表达了他对一场引起全世界头条新闻但玷污了他形象的争吵的看法。
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his reputation .
史密斯叹了口气，然后表达了他对一场引起全世界头条新闻、玷污了自己声誉的争吵的看法。

