#0.0:
Because of this , the CDC says , there ' s no reason to think that more treatment is needed .
CDC说，正因为如此，没有理由认为需要更多的治疗。
Because of this , the CDC says , there ' s no reason to think that more treatment is necessary .
因此，疾病控制与预防中心说，没有理由认为需要更多的治疗。

#1.0:
Because of this , the CDC said , there ' s no reason to think that more treatment is needed .
疾病预防控制中心说，正因为如此，没有理由认为需要更多的治疗。
Because of this , the CDC says , there ' s no reason to believe that more treatment is needed .
因此，疾病控制与预防中心说，没有理由相信需要更多的治疗。

#2.0:
Because of that , the CDC says , there ' s no reason to think that more treatment is needed .
因此，疾病控制与预防中心说，没有理由认为需要更多的治疗。
Because of this , the CDC says , there ' s no reason to think that further treatment is needed .
CDC说，正因为如此，没有理由认为需要进一步治疗。

#3.0:
There are 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way .
制造商持有的30万剂目前正在研制中。
There are 100 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way .
制造商持有的10万剂疫苗目前正在研制中。

#4.0:
There are 10 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way .
制造商持有的10000剂目前正在研制中。
There were 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way .
有30万剂由制造商持有，目前正在进行中。

#5.0:
There are 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer and are currently on the way .
制造商持有30万剂，目前正在进行中。
There are 300 , 000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are now on the way .
制造商持有的30万剂疫苗正在研制中。

#6.0:
One of the major public clinics offering the vaccine there had to shut down Tuesday when it ran out after vaccinating 600 people .
当地一家提供疫苗的大型公共诊所在为600人接种疫苗后，于周二因疫苗用完而被迫关闭。
All of the major public clinics offering the vaccine there had to shut down Tuesday when it ran out after vaccinating 600 people .
周二，在为600人接种疫苗后，所有提供疫苗的主要公共诊所都不得不关闭。

#11.0:
When focusing on the possibility of rejection , one may deprive oneself of close friendships or enjoyable experiences , she added .
她补充说，当关注被拒绝的可能性时，一个人可能会失去亲密的友谊或愉快的经历。
When focusing on the possibility of rejection , one can deprive oneself of close friendships and enjoyable experiences , she added .
她补充说，当关注被拒绝的可能性时，人们可能会剥夺自己亲密的友谊和愉快的经历。

#12.0:
Half of them have come from just two families , leading the researchers to conclude that such cases are not all that rare .
其中一半来自两个家庭，这使研究人员得出结论，此类病例并不罕见。
Most of them have come from just two families , leading the researchers to conclude that such cases are not all that rare .
他们中的大多数人来自两个家庭，这使得研究人员得出结论，此类病例并不罕见。

#16.0:
Vaccination should occur within six weeks of a possible exposure , And the sooner you can get vaccinated after the exposure , the better . "
疫苗接种应在可能接触后的六周内进行，接触后越早接种越好。”
Vaccination must occur within two weeks of a possible exposure , And the sooner you can get vaccinated after the exposure , the better . "
疫苗接种必须在可能接触后两周内进行，接触后越早接种越好。”

#17.0:
Vaccination should occur within two weeks of a possible exposure , And the sooner we can get vaccinated after the exposure , the better . "
疫苗接种应在可能接触后的两周内进行，接触后我们越早接种疫苗越好。”
Vaccinations should occur within two weeks of a possible exposure , And the sooner you can get vaccinated after the exposure , the better . "
疫苗接种应在可能接触后两周内进行，接触后越早接种越好。”

#18.0:
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
就在联邦官员就猴痘疫情发表全国公共卫生紧急声明时，旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。
While state officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
当州官员围绕猴痘疫情权衡全国公共卫生紧急声明时，旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。

#19.0:
While city officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
虽然市政府官员正在权衡关于猴痘爆发的全国公共卫生紧急声明，但旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。
While local officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
在当地官员就猴痘疫情发表全国公共卫生紧急声明时，旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。

#20.0:
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state started sounding the alarm Thursday .
在联邦官员就猴痘疫情发表全国公共卫生紧急声明时，旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。
As federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
在联邦官员围绕猴痘疫情权衡全国公共卫生紧急声明之际，旧金山和纽约州周四开始敲响警钟。

#22.0:
Younger people have become conditioned to communication that does n ' t happen in real time , she said .
她说，年轻人已经习惯于不实时的交流。
Younger generations have become conditioned to communication that does n ' t occur in real time , she said .
她说，年轻一代已经习惯于非实时的交流。

#23.0:
Future generations have become conditioned to communication that does n ' t happen in real time , she said .
她说，后代已经习惯于非实时的交流。
New generations have become conditioned to communication that does n ' t happen in real time , she said .
她说，新一代人已经习惯于不实时的交流。

#25.0:
" Research indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you develop symptoms , " Charness said .
“研究表明，即使在你出现症状之前，你也可以在反弹过程中传播，”Charness说。
" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you have symptoms , " Charness said .
“这表明你甚至在出现症状之前就可以在反弹期间传播，”Charness说。

#26.0:
" It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you experience symptoms , " Charness said .
Charness说：“这表明即使在你出现症状之前，你也可以在反弹期间传播。”。
" It indicates that you may transmit during rebound even before you develop symptoms , " Charness said .
“这表明你甚至在出现症状之前就可能在反弹期间传播，”Charness说。

#29.0:
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , difficulty breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .
类鼻疽的症状取决于感染者的位置，但可能包括发热、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸痛、呼吸困难、体重减轻、肌肉或关节疼痛、定向障碍、头痛和癫痫。
Symptoms of glioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever , pain or swelling , ulcers , coughing , chest pain , trouble breathing , weight loss , muscle or joint pain , disorientation , headache and seizures .
胶质样增生症的症状取决于患者感染的部位，但可能包括发热、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸痛、呼吸困难、体重减轻、肌肉或关节疼痛、定向障碍、头痛和癫痫。

#30.0:
Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the US .
伪等位伯克霍尔德菌是在密西西比州的墨西哥湾沿岸地区发现的，这是美国首次在环境中检测到这种细菌。
Burkholderia pseudomallei is found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the US .
伪等位伯克霍尔德菌在密西西比州的墨西哥湾沿岸地区发现，这是美国首次在环境中检测到这种细菌。

#31.0:
Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast region of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the USA .
伪等位伯克霍尔德菌是在密西西比州的墨西哥湾沿岸地区发现的，这是美国首次在环境中检测到这种细菌。
Burkholderia pseudomallei was found in the Gulf Coast area of Mississippi , the first detection of the bacteria in the environment in the US .
假性伯克霍尔德菌在密西西比州的墨西哥湾沿岸地区被发现，这是美国首次在环境中检测到这种细菌。

#33.0:
" Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic , but how regulators and Congress do as well , " said Birnbaum , who was not involved in the report .
“国家科学院的发现不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法，也影响了监管机构和国会的做法，”Birnbaum说，他没有参与该报告。
" Investigations by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic , but how regulators and Congress do as well , " said Birnbaum , who was not involved in the report .
“国家科学院的调查不仅影响科学家和医生对某一主题的看法，还影响监管机构和国会的做法，”Birnbaum说，他没有参与该报告。

#34.0:
" Decisions by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic , but how regulators and Congress do as well , " said Birnbaum , who was not involved in the report .
“国家科学院的决定不仅影响科学家和医生如何看待一个话题，还影响监管者和国会如何看待这个话题，”Birnbaum说，他没有参与该报告。
" Findings by the National Academies not only impact how researchers and physicians look at a topic , but how regulators and Congress do as well , " said Birnbaum , who was not involved in the report .
“国家科学院的发现不仅影响了研究人员和医生对一个话题的看法，也影响了监管者和国会的做法，”Birnbaum说，他没有参与该报告。

#36.0:
Other harm reduction actions include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners , " CDC Director Dr .
其他减少伤害的行动包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伙伴的性活动。
Other risk reduction actions include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners , " CDC Director Dr .
其他降低风险的措施包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伴侣的性行为。

#37.0:
Other harm reduction measures include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners , " CDC Director Dr .
其他减少伤害的措施包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伙伴的性活动。
The harm reduction actions include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners , " CDC Director Dr .
减少伤害的行动包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伙伴的性活动。

#39.0:
" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines being available as early as September , " an FDA spokesperson said .
“辉瑞和摩德纳已表示，他们预计最早在9月就能获得改良疫苗，”FDA发言人说。
" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines becoming available as early as September , " an FDA spokesperson said .
“辉瑞和摩德纳已表示，他们预计最早将于9月推出改良疫苗，”FDA发言人说。

#40.0:
" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines being available as early as September , " an FDA spokesman said .
“辉瑞和摩德纳已表示，他们预计最早将于9月推出改良疫苗，”FDA发言人说。
" Pfizer and Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines being available as early as September , " an FDA spokesperson stated .
“辉瑞和摩德纳已表示，他们预计最早在9月就能获得改良疫苗，”FDA发言人表示。

#47.0:
On Monday , more than 200 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .
周一，200多名国会议员致函拜登政府，敦促为性健康诊所提供更多资金，以改善猴痘应对工作。
On Friday , more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Biden administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort .
周五，100多名国会议员致函拜登政府，敦促为性健康诊所提供更多资金，以改善猴痘应对工作。

#49.0:
" They made me feel small ; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question , " she said at an October 2021 town hall , which was quoted in the report .
“他们让我觉得自己很渺小；他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬，即使只是问这个问题，”她在2021 10月的一个市政厅说，该报告引用了这一点。
" They made me feel small ; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question , " she said at an August 2021 town hall , which was quoted in the report .
“他们让我觉得自己很渺小；他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬，即使只是问这个问题，”她在2021 8月的一个市政厅说，这是在报告中引用的。

#50.0:
" They made me feel small ; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question , " she stated at an April 2021 town hall , which was quoted in the report .
“他们让我觉得自己很渺小；他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬，即使只是问这个问题，”她在2021 4月的一个市政厅说，这是在报告中引用的。
" They made me feel small ; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question , " she said at an April 2022 town hall , which was quoted in the report .
“他们让我觉得自己渺小；他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬，甚至只是问这个问题，”她在2022年4月的一个市政厅上说，该报告引用了她的话。

#51.0:
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
卫生和公众服务部部长泽维尔·贝塞拉（Xavier Becerra）周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布该疫情为公共卫生紧急事件。
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , DHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
国土安全部部长泽维尔·贝塞拉（Xavier Becerra）周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布猴痘爆发为公共卫生紧急事件。

#52.0:
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Jose Becerra said Thursday .
卫生和公众服务部部长何塞·贝塞拉（Jose Becerra）周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布该疫情为公共卫生紧急事件。
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a national health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
卫生和公众服务部部长泽维尔·贝塞拉（Xavier Becerra）周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布该疫情为国家卫生紧急事件。

#53.0:
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Robert Becerra said Thursday .
卫生和公众服务部部长罗伯特·贝塞拉周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布猴痘爆发为公共卫生紧急事件。
In Washington , the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use this to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency , HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday .
卫生和公众服务部部长泽维尔·贝塞拉（Xavier Becerra）周四表示，在华盛顿，联邦政府正在继续监测猴痘的应对情况，并将利用这一情况考虑是否宣布该疫情为公共卫生紧急事件。

#60.0:
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen , vaginal fluids and fecal matter , according to the CDC .
根据疾病控制与预防中心的说法，研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以由没有症状的人传播，或者通过精液、阴道液和粪便传播。
Researchers are investigating whether the virus may be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen , vaginal fluids and fecal matter , according to the CDC .
据疾病预防控制中心称，研究人员正在调查病毒是否可能由没有症状的人传播，或通过精液、阴道液和粪便传播。

#61.0:
Researchers are investigating whether the virus could be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen , vaginal fluids and fecal matter , according to the CDC .
根据疾病控制与预防中心的说法，研究人员正在调查该病毒是否可以由没有症状的人传播，或者通过精液、阴道液和粪便传播。
Scientists are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen , vaginal fluids and fecal matter , according to the CDC .
据疾病控制与预防中心称，科学家正在调查该病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人或通过精液、阴道液和粪便传播。

#63.0:
Today , Ornish is trying to do for the brain what he did for the heart .
今天，奥尼什正试图为大脑做他为心脏做的事情。
Now , Ornish is trying to do for the brain what he did for the heart .
现在，奥尼斯正试图为大脑做他为心脏做的事情。

#65.0:
However , Ornish is trying to do for the brain what he did for the heart .
然而，奥尼斯正试图为大脑做他为心脏做的事情。
Today , Ornish is trying to do for the brain what he did for the body .
今天，奥尼斯正试图为大脑做他为身体做的事情。

#66.0:
But even with that education , it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
但即使有了这种教育，也很难发现猴痘病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是与众不同，卡维尼说。
Yet even with that education , it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
然而，卡维尼说，即使接受了这种教育，也很难发现猴痘病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是与众不同。

#71.0:
The US has ordered more of this vaccine , and the government plans to make 1 . 3 million more doses of the Jynneos vaccine available through the summer and fall , the administration said .
美国政府表示，美国已经订购了更多这种疫苗，政府计划在整个夏季和秋季再提供130万剂Jynneos疫苗。
The US has ordered more of this vaccine , and the government plans to make 1 . 25 million more doses of the Synneos vaccine available through the summer and fall , the administration said .
美国政府表示，美国已经订购了更多这种疫苗，政府计划在整个夏季和秋季增加125万剂Synneos疫苗。

#72.0:
Michael Osterholm who directs the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .
迈克尔·奥斯特霍姆，明尼苏达大学传染病研究和政策中心主任。
Michael Österholm who directs the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .
明尼苏达大学传染病研究和政策中心主任迈克尔·奥斯特霍姆。

#74.0:
Michael Osterholm who leads the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .
迈克尔·奥斯特罗姆，明尼苏达大学传染病研究和政策中心负责人。
Michael Osterholm who directs the Institute for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota .
迈克尔·奥斯特罗姆，明尼苏达大学传染病研究与政策研究所所长。

#78.0:
As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .
根据疾病控制与预防中心的数据，截至周五，美国有5000多例疑似或确诊猴痘病例。
As of Friday , the United States had than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .
根据疾病预防控制中心的数据，截至周五，美国有5000多例疑似或确诊猴痘病例。

#80.0:
As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 confirmed or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC data .
根据疾病控制与预防中心的数据，截至周五，美国已确诊或确诊猴痘病例超过5000例。
As of Friday , the United States has than 5 , 000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to CDC reports .
根据疾病控制与预防中心的报告，截至周五，美国有5000多例疑似或确诊猴痘病例。

#82.0:
He started n ' t have any symptoms when he saw the baby , who was his grandson , but about eight hours later , he started to feel ill again .
当他看到他孙子的孩子时，他开始没有任何症状，但大约八小时后，他又开始感到不适。
He did n ' t have any symptoms when he saw the baby , who was his grandson , but about four hours later , he started to feel ill again .
当他看到他孙子的孩子时，他没有任何症状，但大约四个小时后，他又开始感到不适。

#89.0:
So are firefighters , workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports , military bases , landfills , incinerators , wastewater treatment plants or farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used .
消防员、氟化学品制造厂的工人以及居住在商业机场、军事基地、垃圾填埋场、焚烧炉、废水处理厂或使用受污染污水污泥的农场附近的人也是如此。
So are firefighters , workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near international airports , military bases , landfills , incinerators , wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used .
消防员、氟化物制造厂的工人以及住在国际机场、军事基地、垃圾填埋场、焚烧炉、废水处理厂和使用受污染污水污泥的农场附近的人也是如此。

#93.0:
In late June , vaccine makers said boosters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .
6月下旬，疫苗制造商表示，针对奥密克戎更新的助推器显示出比现有疫苗更强的免疫反应。
In early June , vaccine makers said boosters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .
6月初，疫苗制造商表示，针对奥密克戎的增强器显示出比现有疫苗更强的免疫反应。

#94.0:
By late June , vaccine makers said boosters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .
到6月底，疫苗制造商表示，针对奥密克戎的增强器显示出比现有疫苗更强的免疫反应。
In late June , vaccine makers said adapters updated to target Omicron showed a stronger immune response than the current vaccines .
6月下旬，疫苗制造商表示，针对奥密克戎更新的适配器显示出比现有疫苗更强的免疫应答。

#98.0:
Critics have also charged that the United States is not doing enough testing to monitor the spread of the virus , which is thought to be more widespread than current case counts suggest .
批评人士还指责美国没有进行足够的检测来监测病毒的传播，人们认为病毒的传播比目前的病例统计显示的更为广泛。
Critics have also charged that the United States is not performing enough testing to monitor the spread of the virus , which is thought to be more widespread than current case counts suggest .
批评人士还指责美国没有进行足够的检测来监测病毒的传播，这种传播被认为比目前的病例统计显示的更为广泛。

#99.0:
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下，他们如何才能真正保证自己的安全。
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically make themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下如何才能真正做到安全。

#100.0:
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they could realistically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下，他们如何才能真正保证自己的安全。
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe despite a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道如何才能在缺乏疫苗的情况下切实保障自己的安全。

#101.0:
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe in a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下，他们如何才能真正保证自己的安全。
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can scientifically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道如何在缺乏疫苗的情况下科学地保证自己的安全。

#102.0:
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in early fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，在联邦卫生机构批准之前，今秋初可能会提供针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强器注射。
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants would be available in early fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强子疫苗将于今秋初上市，等待联邦卫生机构的批准。

#103.0:
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in early fall , following signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，在联邦卫生机构批准后，针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强子疫苗可能在初秋上市。
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in early fall , after signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，在联邦卫生机构批准后，今秋初可能会提供针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强注射。

#104.0:
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants will be available in early fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强子疫苗将于今秋初上市，等待联邦卫生机构的批准。
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in late fall , pending signoff by federal health agencies , the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday .
美国卫生和公共服务部周五表示，在联邦卫生机构批准之前，针对奥密克戎冠状病毒亚型的Moderna和辉瑞增强子疫苗可能在秋季晚些时候上市。

#106.0:
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs often add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们能够找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，测试费用经常会增加，治疗仍然很难获得。
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs still add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们能够找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，测试费用仍然在增加，治疗仍然难以获得。

#107.0:
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs can add up , and drugs are still difficult to access .
当人们能够找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，测试费用可能会增加，药物仍然难以获得。
Vaccines are free when doctors can find them , testing costs can add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当医生能够找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，测试费用可能会增加，治疗仍然难以获得。

#112.0:
The state has gotten more than 60 , 000 doses of the Jynneos monkeypox vaccine , the US Department of Health and Human Services said .
美国卫生和公共服务部表示，该州已经接种了6万多剂Jynneos猴痘疫苗。
The state has gotten more than 60 , 000 doses of the Jynneos monkeypox vaccine , the US Department of Health and Human Services reported .
据美国卫生和公共服务部报道，该州已获得6万多剂Jynneos猴痘疫苗。

#113.0:
The state has gotten more than 60 , 000 doses of the Jynneos monkeypox vaccine , the US Department of Health and Human Services reports .
据美国卫生和公共服务部报告，该州已获得6万多剂Jynneos猴痘疫苗。
The city has gotten more than 60 , 000 doses of the Jynneos monkeypox vaccine , the US Department of Health and Human Services says .
美国卫生和公共服务部表示，该市已经接种了6万多剂Jynneos猴痘疫苗。

#114.0:
He said they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
他说，他们发现至少有两例患者在感染复发时被传染给他人。
He says they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
他说，他们已经发现了至少两例患者在感染复发时传染给他人的病例。

#115.0:
He said they ' ve found at least two cases in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
他说，他们已经发现至少两例患者在感染复发时被传染给他人。
He said they ' ve found at least three instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
他说，他们发现至少有三例患者在感染复发时被传染给他人。

#116.0:
They said they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs .
他们说，他们已经发现至少有两例患者在感染复发时被传染给他人。
He said they ' ve found at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others before their infection recurs .
他说，他们已经发现至少有两例患者在感染复发之前已经传播给他人。

#118.0:
A federal health adviser said it ' s understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind .
一位联邦健康顾问说，LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到沮丧和落后是可以理解的。
The federal health adviser said it ' s understandable that many in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind .
联邦健康顾问说，LGBTQ社区中的许多人感到沮丧和被落在后面是可以理解的。

#119.0:
The public health adviser said it ' s understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind .
这位公共卫生顾问说，LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到沮丧和落伍是可以理解的。
The federal health adviser said it ' s understandable that some within the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind .
联邦健康顾问说，LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到沮丧和被落在后面是可以理解的。

#121.0:
Unfortunately , the only people who can get monkeypox vaccines are those with a known exposure , Walensky said .
沃伦斯基说，不幸的是，只有那些已知接触猴痘疫苗的人才能接种猴痘疫苗。
Currently , the only people that can get monkeypox vaccines are those with a known exposure , Walensky said .
瓦伦斯基说，目前，只有那些已知接触过猴痘疫苗的人才能接种猴痘疫苗。

#122.0:
Currently , the only people who can get smallpox vaccines are those with a known exposure , Walensky said .
瓦伦斯基说，目前，只有那些已知接触过天花的人才能接种天花疫苗。
Therefore , the only people who can get monkeypox vaccines are those with a known exposure , Walensky said .
因此，只有那些已知接触猴痘疫苗的人才能接种猴痘疫苗，瓦伦斯基说。

#127.0:
His organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC urging a bigger response .
他的组织是致疾病控制与预防中心的信的签署者之一，该信敦促做出更大的回应。
The organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC demanding a bigger response .
该组织是致疾病控制与预防中心的信的签名者之一，要求得到更大的回应。

#128.0:
His organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC requesting a bigger response .
他的组织是致疾病控制与预防中心的信的签名者之一，要求得到更大的回应。
This organization was one of the signers of the letter to the CDC demanding a bigger response .
该组织是要求CDC做出更大回应的信函的签署者之一。

#129.0:
So it ' s actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
因此，它实际上很难推广，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。
And it ' s actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
事实上，它很难推广，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。

#130.0:
But it ' s actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
但这实际上很难推广，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。
So it ' s really very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
因此，推广疫苗确实非常困难，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。

#131.0:
So it ' s actually very hard to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
因此，它实际上很难推广，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。
So it ' s just very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology , " said Dr .
所以很难推广，因为你必须训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。

#133.0:
As of Friday , New York City ' s public health department website says all available appointments for vaccines have been filled by this time .
截至周五，纽约市公共卫生部网站称，到目前为止，所有可用的疫苗预约都已满。
As of Friday , New York City ' s public health department website states all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time .
截至周五，纽约市公共卫生部网站表示，目前所有可用的疫苗预约都已满。

#134.0:
As of Friday , New York City ' s official health department website says all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time .
截至周五，纽约市卫生部官方网站称，目前所有可用的疫苗预约都已满。
As of Friday , New York City ' s public health department website indicates all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time .
截至周五，纽约市公共卫生部网站显示，目前所有可用的疫苗预约都已满。

#137.0:
New York has 1 , 247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to statistics from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
根据美国疾病控制和预防中心的统计，纽约有1247例疑似或确诊猴痘病例。
New Jersey has 1 , 247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases , according to data from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
根据美国疾病控制和预防中心的数据，新泽西州有1247例疑似或确诊猴痘病例。

#139.0:
The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called glioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示，在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到了导致一种罕见严重疾病——胶质瘤病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says Wednesday .
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示，在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到了导致一种罕见严重疾病类鼻疽的细菌。

#140.0:
The bacteria that causes a rare , serious disease called colioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示，在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到了导致一种罕见严重疾病结肠炎的细菌。
The fungus that causes a rare , serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday .
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示，在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中发现了这种真菌，这种真菌会导致一种罕见的严重疾病，称为类鼻疽。

#143.0:
On Tuesday , DHS also activated the CDC ' s Emergency Operations Center to give the agency more flexibility and manpower to manage the nation ' s monkeypox response .
周二，国土安全部还启动了疾病预防控制中心的紧急行动中心，为该机构提供更多的灵活性和人力来管理国家的猴痘反应。
On Tuesday , HHS also activated the CDC ' s Emergency Operations Center to allow the agency more flexibility and manpower to manage the nation ' s monkeypox response .
周二，卫生和公众服务部还启动了疾病预防控制中心的紧急行动中心，以使该机构在管理国家猴痘反应方面具有更大的灵活性和人力。

#145.0:
The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for 10 days after the symptoms come back .
该机构还建议人们在症状恢复后戴口罩10天。
The agency also recommends that people wear a mask for three days after their symptoms come back .
该机构还建议人们在症状恢复后戴上口罩三天。

#148.0:
Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts until they got sick .
婴儿及其父母在生病之前没有任何其他密切接触。
Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts after they got sick .
婴儿及其父母生病后都没有任何其他密切接触者。

#153.0:
And while communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
虽然通过短信或电子邮件进行交流不像社交媒体那么客观，但阿克巴里建议人们给朋友打电话。
And since communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
由于通过短信或电子邮件进行交流不像社交媒体那么客观，阿克巴里建议人们给朋友打电话。

#155.0:
And while communicating by text or email was n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
虽然通过短信或电子邮件进行交流没有社交媒体那么客观，但阿克巴里建议人们给朋友打电话。
So while communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
因此，虽然通过短信或电子邮件进行交流不像社交媒体那么客观，但阿克巴里建议人们给朋友打电话。

#158.0:
Although the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .
她补充说，尽管人们接触的主要方式是通过私人交流方式，但最糟糕的情况是接受者没有回应。
While the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication , the worst that can happen is that the recipient does not respond , she added .
她补充说，虽然人们接触的主要方式是通过私人通信手段，但最糟糕的情况是接受者没有回应。

#161.0:
The CDC estimates an average of 12 cases are reported to the agency each year .
疾病预防控制中心估计，每年平均向该机构报告12例。
The CDC says an average of 12 cases are reported to the agency each month .
疾病预防控制中心说，平均每个月向该机构报告12例。

#163.0:
The CDC says that wearing a condom will help , but alone , it probably will not protect against the spread of monkeypox .
疾病控制与预防中心说，戴安全套会有帮助，但单凭安全套可能无法防止猴痘的传播。
The CDC says that wearing a condom can help , but alone , it probably will not protect against the spread of monkeypox .
疾病控制与预防中心表示，戴安全套可能会有所帮助，但单凭安全套，可能无法防止猴痘的传播。

#165.0:
" The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy , special interests , and politics , and are looked at as a trusted neutral body , " said Dr .
“国家科学院被要求进行不受宣传、特殊利益和政治影响的研究，并被视为一个值得信赖的中立机构，”Dr。
" The National Academies were asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy , special interests , and politics , and are looked at as a trusted neutral body , " said Dr .
“国家科学院被要求进行的研究将不受宣传、特殊利益和政治的影响，并被视为一个值得信赖的中立机构，”Dr。

#174.0:
People who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
联邦政府工作人员表示，他们正在努力解决这个问题。
Those who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
那些与联邦政府合作的人说，他们正在努力解决这个问题。

#175.0:
Individuals who work with the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
与联邦政府合作的个人表示，他们正在努力解决这个问题。
People who work with the federal government know they are working hard on the issue .
联邦政府的工作人员知道他们正在努力解决这个问题。

#176.0:
People who work with the federal government say they are working hard on this issue .
联邦政府工作人员表示，他们正在努力解决这个问题。
People who work for the federal government say they are working hard on the issue .
为联邦政府工作的人说，他们正在努力解决这个问题。

#181.0:
The CDC spokesman said the agency " encourages anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested since there is more than enough testing capacity .
疾病预防控制中心发言人说，该机构“鼓励任何怀疑自己患有猴痘的人联系他们的临床医生进行检测，因为有足够的检测能力。”。
The CDC spokesperson said the agency " urges anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested since there is more than enough testing capacity .
疾病控制与预防中心发言人说，该机构“敦促任何怀疑自己患有猴痘的人联系他们的临床医生进行检测，因为他们有足够的检测能力。”。

#182.0:
A CDC spokesperson said the agency " encourages anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested since there is more than enough testing capacity .
疾病控制与预防中心的一位发言人说，该机构“鼓励任何怀疑自己患有猴痘的人联系他们的临床医生进行检测，因为有足够的检测能力。”。
The CDC spokesperson said the agency " encourages anyone who suspects they have monkeypox to reach out to their clinician to get tested if there is more than enough testing capacity .
疾病预防控制中心发言人说，该机构“鼓励任何怀疑自己患有猴痘的人，如果有足够的检测能力，就联系他们的临床医生进行检测。”。

#184.0:
The US Food and Drug Administration instructed vaccine makers in June to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA .
美国食品和药物管理局6月指示疫苗制造商更新助推器，添加奥密克戎BA。
The US Food and Drug Administration directed vaccine makers in June to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA .
美国食品和药物管理局在6月份指示疫苗制造商更新助推器，添加奥密克戎BA。

#187.0:
Cahill said his organization has been advocating for the US to declare smallpox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直主张美国宣布天花为公共卫生紧急事件。
Cahill said his organization has been pushing for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直在推动美国宣布猴痘为公共卫生紧急事件。

#195.0:
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters .
目前，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次强化注射，但只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次强化注射。
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , and only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters .
目前，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次增强剂注射，只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次增强剂。

#196.0:
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , while only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters .
目前，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次强化注射，而只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次强化注射。
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised persons are eligible for second boosters .
目前，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次增强剂注射，但只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次增强剂。

#197.0:
Currently , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised individuals are eligible for second boosters .
目前，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次增强剂注射，但只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次增强剂。
Generally , people 5 and older are eligible for a first booster shot , but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters .
一般来说，5岁及以上的人有资格接受第一次强化注射，但只有50岁及以上以及一些免疫功能低下的人才有资格接受第二次强化注射。

#199.0:
They said more research is needed to understand whether there could be any connection to the drug .
他们说需要更多的研究来了解是否与该药物有关。
Others say more research is needed to understand whether there could be any connection to the drug .
其他人说，需要更多的研究来了解是否与该药物有关。

#200.0:
Some say more research is needed to understand whether there could be any connection to the drug .
一些人说，需要更多的研究来了解是否与该药物有关。
They say more research is required to understand whether there could be any connection to the drug .
他们说需要更多的研究来了解是否与该药物有关。

#202.0:
In the experiments , reaching out was defined as a phone call , text , email , note or small gift .
在实验中，接触被定义为电话、短信、电子邮件、便条或小礼物。
In these experiments , reaching out was defined as a phone call , text , email , letter or small gift .
在这些实验中，接触被定义为电话、短信、电子邮件、信件或小礼物。

#206.0:
In Washington , King County health officials say they have received only 4 , 720 doses of Jynneos .
在华盛顿，金县卫生官员说他们只接受了4720剂Jynneos。
In Seattle , King County health officials say they have received only 4 , 720 doses of Synneos .
在西雅图，金郡卫生官员说他们只接受了4720剂Synneos。

#207.0:
The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
第一种是一种新的现代疫苗，名为Jynneos，由丹麦巴伐利亚北欧公司生产。
The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Jynneos that is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
第一种是由丹麦巴伐利亚北欧公司生产的新型现代疫苗Jynneos。

#208.0:
The first is a newer , modern vaccine called Synneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
第一种是一种名为Synneos的新型现代疫苗，由丹麦巴伐利亚北欧公司生产。
The first is a newer , modern vaccine named Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic .
第一种是一种新的现代疫苗，名为Jynneos，由丹麦巴伐利亚北欧公司生产。

#211.0:
And a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out , said Akbari , who was not involved in the study .
没有参与该研究的阿克巴里说，各种各样的不安全感会阻止我们伸出援手。
But a variety of insecurities can stop us from reaching out , said Akbari , who was not involved in the study .
但各种各样的不安全感会阻止我们伸出援手，阿克巴里说，他没有参与这项研究。

#213.0:
Some experts though have said it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier .
不过，一些专家表示，现在停止我们已有的工具，已经太迟了。
The experts though have said it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier .
然而，专家们表示，现在停止我们已有的工具，已经太迟了。

#214.0:
Our experts though have said it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier .
然而，我们的专家说，现在停止我们有工具可以早些停止的事情为时已晚。
Some experts though have said it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop before .
不过，一些专家表示，现在停止我们以前拥有的工具已经太晚了。

#215.0:
Some people though have said it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier .
不过，有些人说，现在停止我们有工具可以早些停止的事情为时已晚。
Some experts though have suggested it ' s now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier .
不过，一些专家认为，现在停止我们已有的工具，已经太迟了。

#218.0:
The other complications is that the ADAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .
另一个并发症是，ADAM疫苗使用活的但弱化的病毒版本给人接种。
The only complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live , but weakened version of a virus to inoculate a person .
唯一的并发症是，ACAM疫苗使用活的但弱化的病毒版本给人接种。

#220.0:
The shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
这些疫苗需要获得FDA的授权，并由美国疾病控制和预防中心推荐。
Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA or recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
更新的疫苗需要获得FDA的授权或美国疾病控制和预防中心的推荐。

#221.0:
Updated studies would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
更新的研究需要获得FDA的授权，并由美国疾病控制和预防中心推荐。
Updated shots would need to be approved by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
更新的疫苗需要获得FDA的批准，并由美国疾病控制和预防中心推荐。

#222.0:
That ' s only 6 % of the 80 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这只是他们希望覆盖40000名猴痘高风险或高风险人群的80000剂中的6%。
That ' s only 6 % of the 80 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 50 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这只是他们希望覆盖50000名猴痘高风险或高风险人群的8万剂疫苗中的6%。

#223.0:
That ' s only 6 % of the 50 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这只是他们希望覆盖40000名猴痘高风险或高风险人群的50000剂疫苗中的6%。
That ' s only 6 % of the 100 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这仅仅是他们希望覆盖40000名猴痘高危人群的100000剂中的6%。

#224.0:
That ' s only 6 % of the 20 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这只是他们希望覆盖40000名猴痘高风险或高风险人群的20000剂中的6%。
That ' s only 3 % of the 80 , 000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40 , 000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox .
这只是他们希望覆盖40000名猴痘高风险或高风险人群的80000剂疫苗中的3%。

#232.0:
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , while California has a total of 797 cases .
旧金山公共卫生部已确认该市有261例猴痘病例，而加利福尼亚州共有797例。
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , and California has a total of 799 cases .
旧金山公共卫生部已确认该市有261例猴痘病例，加利福尼亚州共有799例。

#233.0:
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , while California has a total of 796 cases .
旧金山公共卫生部已确认该市有261例猴痘病例，而加利福尼亚州共有796例。
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has confirmed 261 cases of monkeypox in the city , while California has a record of 799 cases .
旧金山公共卫生部已确认该市有261例猴痘病例，而加利福尼亚州有799例的记录。

#234.0:
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna ' s bivalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
卫生和公众服务部周五宣布了一项协议，购买6600万剂Moderna的二价增强剂，可能在秋季和冬季使用。
DHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna ' s bivalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
国土安全部周五宣布了一项协议，购买6600万剂Moderna的二价增强剂，可能在秋季和冬季使用。

#235.0:
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna ' s multivalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
卫生和公众服务部周五宣布了一项协议，购买6600万剂Moderna的多价助推器，可能在秋季和冬季使用。
IIHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna ' s bivalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
IIHS周五宣布了一项协议，将购买6600万剂Moderna的二价增强剂，以备在秋季和冬季使用。

#236.0:
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna ' s covalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
卫生和公众服务部周五宣布了一项协议，将购买6600万剂Moderna的共价增强剂，用于秋冬季节。
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 5 million doses of Moderna ' s bivalent booster shot for potential use in fall and winter .
卫生和公众服务部周五宣布了一项协议，将购买500万剂Moderna的二价增强剂，以备在秋季和冬季使用。

#239.0:
Currently , 10 states would be considered to be in the second tier for priority in ordering vaccines .
目前，10个国家将被视为优先订购疫苗的第二级国家。
Currently , 50 states would be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines .
目前，50个国家将被视为优先订购疫苗的第一级国家。

#244.0:
So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox reported across 28 jurisdictions .
到目前为止，美国28个司法管辖区共报告了306例猴痘病例。
So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified in 28 jurisdictions .
到目前为止，在美国28个司法管辖区已发现306例猴痘病例。

#245.0:
So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of monkeypox identified across 28 states .
到目前为止，美国28个州共发现306例猴痘病例。
So far in the United States , there have been 306 cases of smallpox identified across 28 jurisdictions .
到目前为止，美国28个司法管辖区共发现306例天花病例。

#251.0:
The US has not issued such an emergency declaration , which would provide more money and staff , help with data collection and help cut through red tape to better fight the outbreak .
美国还没有发布这样的紧急声明，这将提供更多的资金和人员，帮助收集数据，并帮助减少繁文缛节，以更好地抗击疫情。
The US has not made such an emergency declaration , which would provide more money and staff , help with data collection and help break through red tape to better fight the outbreak .
美国还没有做出这样的紧急声明，这将提供更多的资金和人员，帮助收集数据，并帮助打破繁文缛节，更好地抗击疫情。

#252.0:
Since the start of June , the CDC says , it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community .
疾控中心说，自6月初以来，它一直在对LGBTQ社区进行广泛的教育和推广。
From the start of June , the CDC says , it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community .
疾病预防控制中心说，从6月初开始，它一直在对LGBTQ社区进行广泛的教育和推广。

#256.0:
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end the outbreak .
底线是，我们需要保持领先，并能够结束疫情。
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it to be able to end this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要保持领先，才能结束这次疫情。

#257.0:
Bottom line is , we need to get ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
归根结底，我们需要走在它前面，能够结束这次疫情。
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to stop this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要保持领先，并能够阻止这场疫情。

#260.0:
San Francisco ' s health department requested 25 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 12 , 000 doses as of Thursday .
旧金山的卫生部门要求提供25000剂以满足那里压倒性的需求，但表示截至周四只收到12000剂。
San Francisco ' s health department requested 35 , 000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 10 , 000 doses as of Thursday .
旧金山的卫生部门要求35000剂以满足那里压倒性的需求，但表示截至周四只收到了10000剂。

#261.0:
As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管它很有帮助，但研究人员说，人们应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全消灭感染。
As effective as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管如此，研究人员说，人们应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全消灭感染。

#262.0:
As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug will not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管它很有帮助，但研究人员说，人们应该意识到这种药物不会完全消灭感染。
As dangerous as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管它很危险，但研究人员说，人们应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全消灭感染。

#263.0:
As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug might not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管它很有帮助，但研究人员说，人们应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全消灭感染。
As helpful as it is , though , researchers say people should be aware the drug does not completely extinguish the infection .
尽管它很有帮助，研究人员说人们应该意识到这种药物并不能完全消灭感染。

#264.0:
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786 , 000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine , and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday .
美国食品和药物管理局已经批准了78.6万剂额外的Jynneos疫苗，各司法管辖区可以从周五开始下订单。
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786 , 000 additional doses of the Synneos vaccine , and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday .
美国食品和药物管理局已经批准了78.6万剂Synneos疫苗的额外剂量，各司法管辖区可以从周五开始下订单。

#268.0:
San Diego became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
圣地亚哥成为美国第一个宣布当地猴痘疫情紧急的主要城市，以加强该市在疫苗需求旺盛的情况下的防备和应对能力。
San Francisco was the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
旧金山是美国第一个宣布当地猴痘健康紧急状态的主要城市，目的是在疫苗需求旺盛的情况下加强该市的准备和反应。

#269.0:
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a public health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
旧金山成为美国第一个宣布猴痘公共卫生紧急状态的主要城市，以加强该市在疫苗需求旺盛的情况下的准备和应对。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to enhance the city ' s preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
旧金山成为美国第一个宣布当地猴痘疫情紧急状态的主要城市，以加强该市在疫苗需求旺盛的情况下的防备和应对能力。

#270.0:
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，用于艾滋病毒携带者并不安全。”。
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used on people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，将其用于艾滋病毒携带者是不安全的。”。

#271.0:
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in patients with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，将其用于HIV患者是不安全的。”。
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be allowed to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，允许将其用于艾滋病毒携带者是不安全的。”。

#272.0:
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with AIDS , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，用于艾滋病患者并不安全。”。
" It ' s considered not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
“这被认为是不安全的，能够用于艾滋病毒携带者，”瓦尔马说。

#273.0:
Combined , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
如果获得授权和推荐，美国政府与Moderna和辉瑞公司的协议加在一起，将使秋季和冬季可获得约1.71亿剂二价疫苗增强剂。
Combined , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million multivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
如果获得授权和推荐，美国政府与Moderna和辉瑞公司的协议将使大约1.71亿剂多价疫苗增强剂在秋季和冬季可用。

#274.0:
Combined , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million covalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
如果获得授权和推荐，美国政府与Moderna和辉瑞公司的协议将使秋冬季节约有1.71亿剂共价疫苗增强剂可用。
Furthermore , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
此外，美国政府与摩德纳和辉瑞公司的协议将为秋冬提供约1.71亿剂二价疫苗增强剂，如果它们得到授权和推荐的话。

#275.0:
Combined , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer will make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
如果获得授权和推荐，美国政府与Moderna和辉瑞公司的协议将使秋季和冬季的二价疫苗增强剂约为1.71亿剂。
Further , the US government ' s agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter , should they be authorized and recommended .
此外，美国政府与摩德纳和辉瑞公司的协议将为秋冬提供约1.71亿剂二价疫苗增强剂，如果它们得到授权和推荐的话。

#276.0:
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，要避免被拒绝是不可能的，所以学会如何接受它可以让人们变得更有弹性。
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it will allow people to become more resilient , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，要避免被拒绝是不可能的，因此学会如何接受它将使人们变得更有弹性。

#277.0:
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it may allow people to become more resilient , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，要避免被拒绝是不可能的，因此学会如何接受它可能会让人们变得更有弹性。
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it would allow people to become more resilient , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，要避免被拒绝是不可能的，所以学会如何接受它会让人们变得更有弹性。

#278.0:
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it can encourage people to become more resilient , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，要避免被拒绝是不可能的，所以学会如何接受它可以鼓励人们变得更有弹性。
It ' s impossible to avoid rejection , so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient , Akbari says .
阿克巴里说，避免被拒绝是不可能的，因此学会如何接受它可以让人们变得更有弹性。

#281.0:
For example , some people who have monkeypox symptoms may not seek care for fear of being stigmatized .
例如，一些有猴痘症状的人可能因为害怕被羞辱而不寻求治疗。
For another , some people who have chickenpox symptoms may not seek care for fear of being stigmatized .
另一方面，一些有水痘症状的人可能因为害怕被羞辱而不寻求治疗。

#284.0:
John Calonge , an associate professor of epidemiology at the Colorado School of Public Health and chair of the committee that wrote the report .
约翰·卡隆是科罗拉多公共卫生学院的流行病学副教授，也是撰写该报告的委员会主席。
Ned Calonge , an assistant professor of epidemiology at the Colorado School of Public Health and chair of the committee that wrote the report .
Ned Calonge是科罗拉多公共卫生学院的流行病学助理教授，也是撰写该报告的委员会主席。

#286.0:
The ordinance , which goes into effect Monday , is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively , Mayor London Breed ' s office said in a statement .
伦敦市长办公室在一份声明中说，这项法令将于周一生效，是一项法律行动，允许市政部门更有效地动员和协调。
The law , which goes into effect Monday , is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively , Mayor London Breed ' s office said in a statement .
伦敦市长办公室在一份声明中说，这项法律将于周一生效，这是一项法律行动，使市政部门能够更有效地动员和协调。

#288.0:
Jay Varma , professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New York City .
杰伊·瓦尔马，纽约市康奈尔大学流行病预防和应对中心的教授和主任。
Jay Pharma , professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New York City .
Jay Pharma，纽约市康奈尔大学流行病预防和应对中心的教授和主任。

#292.0:
There ' s also no sign that the virus has changed or mutated to develop some kind of response to the drug .
也没有迹象表明病毒发生了变化或变异，对药物产生了某种反应。
There ' s also no sign that the virus has spread or mutated to develop some kind of resistance to the drug .
也没有迹象表明该病毒已经传播或变异，对该药物产生某种耐药性。

#293.0:
There ' s also no sign that the virus has changed or mutated to develop any kind of resistance to the drug .
也没有迹象表明该病毒发生了变化或变异，对该药物产生了任何耐药性。
There ' s also no sign that the virus has evolved or mutated to develop some kind of resistance to the drug .
也没有迹象表明该病毒已经进化或变异，对该药物产生了某种耐药性。

#297.0:
A CDC spokesperson said there has been " robust outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk factors , symptoms and testing options .
疾病控制与预防中心的一位发言人说，已经“向临床医生和公众进行了强有力的宣传，以提高对猴痘风险因素、症状和检测方法的认识。
A CDC spokesperson said there has been " substantial outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk factors , symptoms and testing options .
疾病控制与预防中心的一位发言人说，“已经向临床医生和公众进行了大量宣传，以提高对猴痘风险因素、症状和检测方法的认识。”。

#298.0:
A CDC spokesman said there has been " robust outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk factors , symptoms and testing options .
疾病控制与预防中心的一位发言人说，“已经向临床医生和公众进行了强有力的宣传，以提高对猴痘风险因素、症状和检测方法的认识。”。
A CDC spokesperson said there has been " extensive outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk factors , symptoms and testing options .
疾病控制与预防中心的一位发言人说，已经“广泛接触临床医生和公众，以提高对猴痘风险因素、症状和检测方法的认识。

