#6.0:
Louis , told CNN that race plays a significant part in whether or how violence and abuse is reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体报道暴力和虐待是否或如何报道中起着重要作用。
Louis , told CNN that race plays a significant part in whether or how racism and abuse is reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体是否或如何报道种族主义和虐待方面起着重要作用。

#7.0:
Louis , told CNN that race plays a significant part in whether or how violence and abuse are reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体是否报道暴力和虐待以及如何报道暴力和暴力中起着重要作用。
Louis , told CNN that race plays a large part in whether or how violence and abuse is reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体报道暴力和虐待是否或如何报道中起着重要作用。

#8.0:
Louis , told CNN that race plays a significant part in whether or how violence or abuse is reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体是否报道或如何报道暴力或虐待方面起着重要作用。
Louis , told CNN that race plays a major part in whether or how violence and abuse is reported by the media .
路易斯告诉CNN，种族在媒体报道暴力和虐待是否或如何报道中起着重要作用。

#11.0:
About his decision to run 100 miles , Bates says : " I ' ve seen people ' s journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting , and it seemed different than other races .
关于他决定跑100英里，贝茨说：“我看过人们的旅程，然后我觉得他们真的很酷，很有趣，看起来和其他比赛不一样。
Of his decision to run 100 miles , Bates says : " I ' ve seen people ' s journeys but then I thought they were really cool and interesting , and it seemed different than other races .
在谈到他决定跑100英里时，贝茨说：“我看过人们的旅程，但后来我觉得他们真的很酷，很有趣，看起来和其他比赛不一样。

#18.0:
" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
" When you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“当你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状时，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。

#19.0:
" If you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“如果你开始改善焦虑或抑郁的症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety and depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑和抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。

#20.0:
" Once you begin improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
" Once I start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦我开始改善你的焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。

#21.0:
The ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive , but experts say it ' s a combat sport borne out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生就具有侵略性和竞争性，但专家们说，这是一项战斗性运动，源于一种通过力量来增强体力的实践。
The ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive , but experts say it ' s a combat sport arising out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生就具有侵略性和竞争性，但专家们说，这是一项格斗运动，源于通过力量提升体力的实践。

#22.0:
This ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive , but experts say it ' s a combat sport borne out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生具有侵略性和竞争性，但专家们说，这是一项战斗性运动，源于一种通过力量提升体力的实践。
The ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive , although experts say it ' s a combat sport borne out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生就具有侵略性和竞争性，尽管专家们说这是一项战斗性运动，它源于一种通过力量提升体力的实践。

#23.0:
The ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive , but experts say it ' s a combat sport born out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生具有侵略性和竞争性，但专家们说，这是一项格斗运动，诞生于通过力量提升体力的实践。
The ancient sport was naturally aggressive and competitive , but experts say it ' s a combat sport borne out of a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength .
这项古老的运动天生就具有侵略性和竞争性，但专家们说，这是一项战斗性运动，源于一种通过力量提升体力的实践。

#25.0:
According to the official version of events , Afkari killed Ahmad Torkman , a water company security employee , during a protest in Shiraz on August 2 , 2018 .
根据事件的官方版本，2018年8月2日，阿夫卡里在设拉子的一次抗议中杀害了水公司保安员工艾哈迈德·托克曼。
According to the official version of events , Afkari killed Hassan Torkman , a water company security employee , during a protest in Shiraz on June 2 , 2018 .
根据事件的官方版本，2018年6月2日，阿夫卡里在设拉子的一次抗议中杀害了水公司安保员工哈桑·托克曼。

#30.0:
I mean , that ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe says in an interview in the documentary .
我的意思是，这不是对社会的贡献，”阿什在纪录片中接受采访时说。
I mean , that ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe says during an interview in the documentary .
我的意思是，这不是对社会的贡献，”阿什在纪录片采访中说。

#31.0:
I mean , it ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe says in an interview in the documentary .
我的意思是，这对社会没有任何贡献，”阿什在纪录片中接受采访时说。
I mean , that ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe said in an interview in the documentary .
我的意思是，这不是对社会的贡献，”阿什在纪录片中接受采访时说。

#32.0:
I mean , that ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe stated in an interview in the documentary .
我的意思是，这不是对社会的贡献，”阿什在纪录片中接受采访时说。
I mean , that ' s no contribution to make to society , " Ashe says in an interview for the documentary .
我的意思是，这不是对社会的贡献，”阿什在纪录片采访中说。

#33.0:
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian heritage , Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape .
如果说奥科罗强烈希望承认自己的尼日利亚传统，那么她同样热衷于为自己的体型感到自豪。
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian ancestry , Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape .
如果说奥科罗强烈希望认识自己的尼日利亚血统，那么她同样热衷于为自己的体型感到自豪。

#35.0:
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian heritage , Okoro is equally passionate about showing pride in her body shape .
如果说奥科罗强烈希望承认自己的尼日利亚传统，那么她同样热衷于对自己的体型表示自豪。
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian roots , Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape .
如果说奥科罗强烈希望认识自己的尼日利亚血统，那么她同样热衷于为自己的体型感到自豪。

#36.0:
" There ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
“在自行车运动中，展示女性的力量和能力是一个巨大的推动力。
" It ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
“在自行车运动中展示女性的力量和能力是一个巨大的推动。

#37.0:
" There ' s been a big push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
“在自行车运动中，人们大力宣传女性的力量和能力。
" There ' s been a huge push to show the strength and the ability of women in cycling .
在展示女性在自行车运动中的力量和能力方面，已经有了巨大的推动。

#38.0:
" There ' s been a great push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
“在自行车运动中展示女性的力量和能力是一个巨大的推动。
" There ' s been a major push to show the strength and the ability of women within cycling .
“在自行车运动中，人们大力展示女性的力量和能力。

#39.0:
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense media scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .
尽管她很享受有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的韧性，但她表示，媒体对这份工作的严格审查让她情绪枯竭。
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the heavy media scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .
尽管她很享受有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的恢复力，但她表示，这份工作伴随而来的媒体的严格审查让她情绪枯竭。

#40.0:
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense media scrutiny that comes with the job is physically draining .
尽管她很享受有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的恢复力，但她表示，媒体对这份工作的严格审查让她筋疲力尽。
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the constant media scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .
尽管她很享受有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的恢复力，但她说，媒体对这份工作的持续关注让她情绪枯竭。

#41.0:
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense media scrutiny that comes with the job is very draining .
尽管她很高兴有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的恢复力，但她表示，这份工作伴随而来的媒体的严格审查让她精疲力尽。
Even though she relishes the opportunity to develop her physicality and test her resilience , she says that the intense public scrutiny that comes with the job is emotionally draining .
尽管她很享受有机会锻炼自己的身体，测试自己的恢复力，但她说，这份工作带来的强烈的公众监督让她情绪枯竭。

#42.0:
You ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
你会被社区排斥，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。
They ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
他们将被排斥在社区之外，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。

#43.0:
You ' ll be ostracized from the community , so that ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
你会被社区排斥，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。
He ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
他将被排斥在社区之外，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。

#44.0:
You ' ll be ostracized from your community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
你会被排斥在你的社区之外，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。
We ' ll be ostracized from the community , so it ' s not an easy thing to do , " she said .
我们将被排斥在社区之外，所以这不是一件容易的事，”她说。

#46.0:
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost " around three kilos " during the French Grand Prix as a drinks bottle malfunction left him unable to rehydrate .
刘易斯·汉密尔顿估计他在法国大奖赛期间瘦了“大约三公斤”，因为酒瓶故障使他无法补充水分。
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost " around three kilos " during the French Grand Prix after a drinks bottle malfunction rendered him unable to rehydrate .
刘易斯·汉密尔顿估计，在法国大奖赛期间，由于酒瓶故障导致他无法补充水分，他瘦了“大约三公斤”。

#49.0:
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s win at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
肯塔基赛马委员会周一宣布，麦地那精神赛马会在2021肯塔基州德比中获胜的资格已被取消。
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s victory in the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
肯塔基赛马委员会周一宣布，麦地那精神赛马会在2021肯塔基州德比中的胜利已被取消资格。

#50.0:
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Northern Spirit ' s victory at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
肯塔基赛马委员会周一宣布，2021肯塔基州德比的胜利被取消资格。
The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission announced Monday that Medina Spirit ' s run at the 2021 Kentucky Derby has been disqualified .
肯塔基州赛马委员会周一宣布，麦地那精神赛马会在2021肯塔基赛马会上的比赛已被取消资格。

#52.0:
Day three of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .
在世界锦标赛的第三天，新加冕的100米冠军弗雷德·凯利也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
Day two of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .
在世界杯的第二天比赛中，新加冕的100米冠军弗雷德·凯利也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。

#53.0:
Day 2 of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .
在世界杯的第二天比赛中，新加冕的100米冠军弗雷德·凯利也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
Day 3 of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m .
在世界锦标赛的第3天，新加冕的100米冠军弗雷德·凯利也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。

#56.0:
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which came into full effect on July 1 .
他是欢迎美国马里兰州的《包容性运动服装法案》（又称众议院法案515）的声音之一，该法案于7月1日全面生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland ' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act , also known as House Bill 515 , which came into legal effect on January 1 .
他是欢迎美国马里兰州的《包容性运动服装法案》（又称众议院第515号法案）的声音之一，该法案于1月1日生效。

#57.0:
" Infrastructure is not something that the IOC invests in , " Macleod told CNN adding : " That ' s within the remit of the national government .
“基础设施不是国际奥委会投资的，”麦克劳德告诉CNN，并补充道：“这属于国家政府的职权范围。
" It is not something that the IOC invests in , " Macleod told CNN adding : " That ' s within the remit of the national government .
“这不是国际奥委会投资的东西，”麦克劳德告诉CNN说，“这是国家政府的职权范围。”。

#60.0:
Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .
在2018年尝试同样的攀登失败后，阿尔哈蒂“害怕再次失败”，但她知道巴达尔的精神支持，加上她在珠穆朗玛峰的训练，将使她处于有利地位。
Having already attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .
阿尔哈蒂在2018年已经尝试过同样的攀登，她“害怕再次失败”，但她知道巴达尔的精神支持，加上她在珠穆朗玛峰的训练，将使她处于有利地位。

#61.0:
Having previously attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would set her in good stead .
阿尔哈蒂此前曾在2018年尝试过同样的攀登，她“害怕再次失败”，但她知道巴达尔的精神支持，再加上她在珠穆朗玛峰的训练，将使她处于有利地位。
Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018 , Alharthy was " scared of failing again , " but she knew that Badar ' s moral support , coupled with her training for Everest , would put her in good stead .
在2018年尝试同样的攀登失败后，阿尔哈蒂“害怕再次失败”，但她知道巴达尔的精神支持，加上她在珠穆朗玛峰的训练，将使她处于有利地位。

#63.0:
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
法国球迷们感觉到了一种不安，而“Allez Les Bleus”的歌声现在在地面上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。
Many French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
许多法国歌迷感觉到了一种不安的情绪，现在“Allez Les Bleus”的歌声在地面上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。

#64.0:
The Parisian fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
巴黎球迷们感觉到了一种不安的情绪，现在“祝福大家”的歌声在地面上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever across the ground .
法国球迷们感觉到了一种不安的情绪，而“Allez Les Bleus”的歌声现在在地面上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。

#65.0:
The French fans sensed an upset was in the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
法国球迷们感觉到了一种不安，而“Allez Les Bleus”的歌声现在在地面上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。
The home fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of " Allez Les Bleus " now reververbated louder than ever around the ground .
主场球迷们感觉到了一种不安，现在“祝福大家”的歌声在球场上回响得比以往任何时候都要响亮。

#68.0:
" Therefore , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“因此，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员关注的中心问题，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。
" Ultimately , performance enhancements are normally the main concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“归根结底，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员的主要关注点，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。

#69.0:
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a bumpy road to get there .
周三的比赛标志着该队首次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，球队经历了一段坎坷的道路才得以晋级。
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship as the team had endured a bumpy road to get there .
周三的比赛标志着该队首次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，因为该队经历了一段坎坷的道路。

#70.0:
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a bumpy journey to get there .
周三的比赛标志着该队首次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，该队经历了一段坎坷的旅程。
Wednesday ' s match was the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a bumpy road to get there .
周三的比赛是该队第一次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，该队经历了一段坎坷的道路才得以晋级。

#71.0:
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had endured a tricky road to get there .
周三的比赛标志着该队首次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，该队经历了一段艰难的道路才得以晋级。
Wednesday ' s match marked the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship and the team had faced a bumpy road to get there .
周三的比赛标志着该队首次进入欧洲锦标赛的半决赛，而该队在这场比赛中面临着坎坷的道路。

#74.0:
" It was more to do with him deciding to have his way and throw his dominance around , " she said .
“这更多的是因为他决定按自己的方式行事，放弃自己的主导地位，”她说。
" It was more to do with him wanting to have his way and throw his dominance around , " she said .
她说：“这更多的是因为他想按自己的方式行事，放弃自己的主导地位。”。

#75.0:
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·利伯（Mark Lieber）从字面上和象征意义上反思了游泳池中即使是短暂的下跌也有助于减轻前一年的体重。
Mark Reber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·雷伯（Mark Reber）从字面和比喻的角度思考了游泳池中即使是短暂的下跌也会带来的变革性影响，这有助于减轻前一年的负担。

#76.0:
Mark Tauber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·陶伯（Mark Tauber）从字面上和象征意义上反思了游泳池中即使是短暂的下跌也有助于减轻前一年的重量所带来的变革性影响。
Mark Huber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·休伯（Mark Huber）从字面上和比喻上反思了游泳池中即使是短暂的下跌也能帮助减轻前一年的重量所带来的变革性影响。

#77.0:
Mark Farber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·法伯（Mark Farber）从字面上和比喻上反思了游泳池中即使是短暂的下跌也能帮助减轻前一年的重量所带来的变革性影响。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool on helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively .
马克·利伯（Mark Lieber）从字面上和比喻上反思了游泳池中即使是短暂的下降也会对减轻前一年的体重产生的变革性影响。

#79.0:
Coffman , meanwhile , says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou ' s alleged behavior .
与此同时，科夫曼说，她担心这项运动的未来，以及鉴于周小川被指控的行为，吸引新裁判的潜在困难。
Huffman , meanwhile , says she fears for the future of the sport given the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou ' s alleged behavior .
与此同时，霍夫曼说，鉴于周小川被指控的行为，她对这项运动的未来感到担忧，因为吸引新裁判可能会有困难。

#82.0:
Isolation , that is , minus the " special " wildlife I got the honor of seeing along the way .
与世隔绝，也就是说，减去我沿途有幸看到的“特殊”野生动物。
Isolation , that is , minus the " special " wildlife she had the honor of seeing along the way .
隔离，也就是说，减去她有幸在途中看到的“特殊”野生动物。

#89.0:
After the two semifinal matches , a total of 487 , 683 fans have attended the games thus far , more than doubling the previous record of 240 , 055 , set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands .
在两场半决赛之后，到目前为止，共有487683名球迷参加了比赛，比荷兰2017年欧洲杯创下的240 055名球迷的记录翻了一番多。
After the two semifinal matches , a total of 317 , 683 fans have attended the games so far , more than doubling the previous record of 240 , 055 , set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands .
在两场半决赛之后，到目前为止，共有317683名球迷参加了比赛，比之前在荷兰创下的240055名球迷的记录翻了一番多。

#91.0:
The irony of their story is n ' t lost on her , acknowledging that " the first Omani man helped me to be the first Omani woman .
她没有忘记他们故事中的讽刺，承认“第一个阿曼男人帮助我成为第一个阿曼女人。
The significance of their story is n ' t lost on her , acknowledging that " the first Omani man helped me to be the first Omani woman .
她没有忘记他们故事的意义，承认“第一个阿曼男人帮助我成为第一个阿曼女人。

#92.0:
The importance of their story is n ' t lost on her , acknowledging that " the first Omani man helped me to be the first Omani woman .
她没有忘记他们故事的重要性，承认“第一个阿曼男人帮助我成为第一个阿曼女人。
The poetry of their story is n ' t lost on her , acknowledging that " the first Omani boy helped me to be the first Omani woman .
她没有忘记他们故事的诗意，承认“第一个阿曼男孩帮助我成为第一个阿曼女人。

#93.0:
" Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
在那里会有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，还有很多加拿大人支持和观看，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。
" Amazing to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
“在那里有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，有很多加拿大人支持和观看，真是太神奇了，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。”。

#95.0:
" Wonderful to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
有这么多的家人和朋友在那里，还有整个渥太华地区，有很多加拿大人在支持和观看，真是太好了，所以这将是一场精彩的比赛。
" And to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
在那里有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，有很多加拿大人支持和观看，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。

#96.0:
After practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
周四训练结束后，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的记者招待会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中最好的四分卫之一辩护。
After practices on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
周四训练结束后，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的新闻发布会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中一名更好的四分卫辩护。

#97.0:
Before practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
在周四训练之前，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的新闻发布会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中最好的四分卫之一辩护。
During practice on Thursday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
在周四的训练中，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的记者招待会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中最好的四分卫之一辩护。

#98.0:
After practice on Friday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
周五训练结束后，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的新闻发布会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中最好的四分卫之一辩护。
After practice on Wednesday , Murray held an unannounced press conference , beginning with a monologue defending how he ' s become one of the better quarterbacks in the league .
周三训练结束后，穆雷举行了一次未经宣布的新闻发布会，首先是一段独白，为他如何成为联盟中一名更好的四分卫辩护。

#99.0:
And as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔急切地强调，健美是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。
And while she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔非常想强调健美运动是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。

#100.0:
And when she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她回顾自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔非常想强调健美是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。
Even as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
即使在她反思自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔也热衷于强调健美是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。

#101.0:
And as she reflected upon her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔急切地强调健身是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。
But as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
但当她反思自己身体的演变时，坎贝尔急切地强调，健美是如何伴随着心理健康的变化的。

#103.0:
" We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom , " Alinejad explained , " fighting for equality , fighting for justice , fighting for dignity , fighting to live a normal life , fighting to get rid of dictatorship .
阿林内贾德解释说：“我们现在有很多海军士兵在为自由而战，他们在为平等而战，为正义而战，为了尊严而战，争取过上正常的生活，为摆脱独裁而战。”。
" We have so many Navids still fighting for freedom , " Alinejad explained , " fighting for equality , fighting for justice , fighting for dignity , fighting to have a normal life , fighting to get rid of dictatorship .
阿林内贾德解释说：“我们有这么多的海军仍在为自由而战，他们为平等而战，为正义而战，为了尊严而战，争取过上正常的生活，为摆脱独裁而战。”。

#104.0:
" We have so many Navids here fighting for freedom , " Alinejad explained , " fighting for equality , fighting for justice , fighting for dignity , fighting to have a normal life , fighting to get rid of dictatorship .
“我们这里有这么多海军在为自由而战，”阿林内贾德解释说，“为平等而战，为正义而战，为了尊严而战，争取过上正常的生活，为摆脱独裁而战。”。
" We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom , " Saminejad explained , " fighting for equality , fighting for justice , fighting for dignity , fighting to have a normal life , fighting to get rid of dictatorship .
萨米内贾德解释说：“我们现在有很多海军士兵在为自由而战，他们在为平等而战，为正义而战，为了尊严而战，争取过上正常的生活，为摆脱独裁而战。”。

#106.0:
On Thursday , Racing Queensland CEO Brendan Parnell said : " My thoughts are with Chris and his family at this time .
周四，昆士兰赛车公司首席执行官布伦丹·帕内尔说：“我现在的想法与克里斯和他的家人在一起。
On Thursday , Racing Queensland chairman Brendan Parnell said : " Our thoughts are with Chris and his family at this time .
周四，昆士兰赛马会主席布伦丹·帕内尔（Brendan Parnell）说：“我们现在与克里斯和他的家人在一起。

#107.0:
On Thursday , Racing Queensland president Brendan Parnell said : " Our thoughts are with Chris and his family at this time .
周四，昆士兰赛马会主席布伦丹·帕内尔说：“我们现在与克里斯和他的家人在一起。
On Thursday , Racing Queensland CEO Brendan Arnell said : " Our thoughts are with Chris and his family at this time .
周四，昆士兰赛车公司首席执行官布伦丹·阿内尔说：“我们现在与克里斯和他的家人在一起。

#108.0:
And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .
具有讽刺意味的是，他是当时巡回演出中最聪明的人。
But the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .
但讽刺的是，他是当时巡回演出中最聪明的人。

#109.0:
And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual man out on the tour at the time .
讽刺的是，他是当时巡回演出中最聪明的人。
And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual person going on the tour at the time .
具有讽刺意味的是，他是当时参加巡回演出的最聪明的人。

#110.0:
And the ironic thing is he was the most intellectual guy out on the tour at the time .
具有讽刺意味的是，他是当时巡演中最聪明的人。
And the ironic thing is I was the most intellectual person out on the tour at the time .
具有讽刺意味的是，我当时是巡回演出中最聪明的人。

#113.0:
It caused a lengthy delay but the driver was eventually deemed fit after being assessed at the medical center .
这造成了长时间的延误，但在医疗中心进行评估后，司机最终被认为是健康的。
It caused a lengthy delay but the driver was eventually found fit after being assessed at the medical center .
这造成了长时间的延误，但在医疗中心进行评估后，司机最终被发现身体健康。

#115.0:
With the Women ' s British Open looming in August , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .
随着8月份英国女子公开赛的临近，她的表现使她有望获得第三个大满贯，但亨德森已经将目光投向了本月晚些时候的另一项赛事。
With the Women ' s British Open approaching in April , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .
随着四月份英国女子网球公开赛的临近，她的表现使第三届英国网球公开赛遥遥无期，但亨德森已经将目光投向了本月晚些时候的另一场比赛。

#116.0:
With the Women ' s British Open approaching in October , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .
随着10月份英国女子网球公开赛的临近，她的表现使第三届英国网球公开赛遥遥无期，但亨德森已经将目光投向了该月晚些时候的另一场比赛。
With the Women ' s British Open approaching in September , her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon , but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month .
随着九月份英国女子网球公开赛的临近，她的表现使第三届英国网球公开赛遥遥无期，但亨德森已经将目光投向了本月晚些时候的另一场比赛。

#118.0:
A coach from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
男子队的一名教练祝贺女子队进入决赛。
A member from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
一名男子队队员祝贺女子队进入决赛。

#119.0:
A representative from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
男子队的一名代表祝贺女子队进入决赛。
A legend from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team on qualification to the final .
一位来自男队的传奇人物祝贺女队晋级决赛。

#120.0:
And honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
老实说，当我退出比赛时，我负债累累，因为没有现在的支持。
But honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
但老实说，我退出比赛时债台高筑，因为没有现在的支持。

#121.0:
And yes , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
是的，当我退出比赛时，我负债累累，因为没有现在的支持。
And second , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
第二，当我退出比赛时，我债台高筑，因为没有现在的支持。

#122.0:
Quite honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
老实说，我退出比赛时债台高筑，因为没有现在的支持。
And secondly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
第二，当我退出比赛时，我负债累累，因为没有现在的支持。

#123.0:
Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .
肯尼迪和他的儿子在比赛中亲身经历了这场混乱，他告诉CNN体育频道的唐·里德尔，他在检票口被挤了进去。
Kennedy arrived at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .
肯尼迪带着他的儿子来到比赛现场，亲身经历了混乱，他告诉CNN体育频道的唐·里德尔，他在检票口被挤得水泄不通。

#124.0:
Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell they got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .
肯尼迪和他的儿子在比赛中亲身经历了这场混乱，他告诉CNN体育频道的唐·里德尔，他们在检票口被挤得水泄不通。
He was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telling CNN Sport ' s Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles .
他和儿子在比赛中亲身经历了混乱，他告诉CNN体育频道的唐·里德尔，他在检票口被挤了进去。

#126.0:
" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉CNN：“她开始说，‘你有助教，这确实有助于你的心理健康。’”。
" We started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉CNN：“我们开始去，她不停地说，‘你有助教，这对你的心理健康确实有帮助。’”。

#127.0:
" It started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉美国有线电视新闻网：“它开始起作用，她不停地说，‘你有助教，它确实有助于你的心理健康。’”。
" I started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉CNN：“我开始去，她不停地说，‘你有助教，这对你的心理健康确实有帮助。’”。

#128.0:
" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , this really does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉CNN：“她开始说，‘你有助教，这确实有助于你的心理健康。’”。
" She started going and she kept saying , ' You ' ve got ta come in , it sure does help with your mental health , ' " Waters told CNN .
沃特斯告诉CNN：“她开始说，‘你有助教，这对你的心理健康确实有帮助。’”。

#130.0:
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 in a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo ' s Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap .
周日，卡洛斯·塞恩斯在一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛中取得了他在F1的第一场胜利，阿尔法·罗密欧的周冠宇在第一圈的巨大碰撞中幸存下来。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo ' s Liu Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap .
卡洛斯·塞恩斯在周日举行的一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛上获得了他在F1的第一场胜利，阿尔法·罗密欧的刘冠宇在第一圈的巨大碰撞中幸存下来。

#134.0:
Sabourin became aware that they may become the face for the wider community as a result .
萨博林意识到，他们可能因此成为更广泛社区的代言人。
Sabourin is aware that they have become the face for the wider community as a result .
Sabourin意识到，他们因此成为了更广泛社区的代言人。

#136.0:
Driving home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship , the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie , her sister Brittany , to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win .
这位加拿大人驾驶着她的小鸟推杆赢得了埃维昂锦标赛，在抱着她的球童，她的妹妹布列塔尼之前，她收集了球，以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二次重大胜利。
Following home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship , the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie , her sister Brittany , to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win .
这位加拿大人在击出小鸟球获得埃维昂锦标赛冠军后，先收起球，然后拥抱她的球童，她的妹妹布列塔尼，以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二次重大胜利。

#137.0:
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship , the Canadian dropped her ball before embracing her caddie , her sister Brittany , to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win .
这位加拿大人击出了小鸟球，赢得了埃维昂锦标赛，她在抱起球童、姐姐布列塔尼之前丢了球，以确认自己确实刚刚获得了第二次重大胜利。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship , the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie , her sister Brittany , to check that she had indeed just clinched her second major win .
这位加拿大人将她的小鸟球推到家中，以赢得埃维昂锦标赛，她在抱着她的球童，她的妹妹布列塔尼之前收集了球，以确认她确实刚刚赢得了第二场重大胜利。

#139.0:
This study analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
这项研究分析了代表加拿大、美国、英国和澳大利亚参加索契奥运会的所有运动员的社会人口数据。
The report analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
该报告分析了在索契代表加拿大、美国、英国和澳大利亚的所有运动员的社会人口数据。

#140.0:
The team analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the US , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
该团队分析了代表加拿大、美国、英国和澳大利亚参加索契奥运会的所有运动员的社会人口数据。
The study analyzed sociodemographic data for all athletes representing Canada , the USA , Great Britain and Australia in Sochi .
该研究分析了索契代表加拿大、美国、英国和澳大利亚的所有运动员的社会人口数据。

#142.0:
Ashe enjoys the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
阿什喜欢水，这是一个远离更可怕的健身房环境的替代安全空间，这种热情为她的精神健康注入了新的活力。
Ashe sees the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
阿什将水视为一个替代的安全空间，远离更令人恐惧的健身房环境，这种激情为她的精神健康注入了新的活力。

#143.0:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating surroundings of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
阿什喜欢水，因为水是一个远离健身房更可怕环境的安全空间，这种激情为她的精神健康注入了新的活力。
Ashe views the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
阿什将水视为一个替代的安全空间，远离更令人恐惧的健身房环境，这种激情为她的精神健康注入了新的活力。

#144.0:
" Stroke after stroke , I could feel my mood lifting , my mind clearing and my body loosening .
“一次又一次的中风，我能感觉到我的情绪在提升，我的头脑在清醒，我的身体在放松。
" Stroke after stroke , I could feel my mood lifting , my head clearing and my body loosening .
“一次又一次的中风，我能感觉到我的情绪高涨，头脑清醒，身体放松。

#146.0:
" Stroke after stroke , I could feel my mood lifting , my mind clearing and my muscles loosening .
“一次又一次的中风，我能感觉到我的情绪在提升，我的头脑在清醒，我的肌肉在放松。
" Stroke after stroke , I could feel my head lifting , my mind clearing and my body loosening .
“一次又一次的中风，我能感觉到我的头抬了起来，头脑清醒，身体放松。

#147.0:
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
鉴于预测的高温接近40摄氏度，法拉利最近的弱点可能会再次暴露，正如空气动力学主管迭戈·托迪在团队预览中所建议的那样。
With the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
随着预测高温接近40摄氏度，法拉利最近的弱点可能再次暴露，正如空气动力学主管迭戈·托迪在团队预览中所建议的那样。

#148.0:
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Marco Tondi suggested in a team preview .
鉴于预测的高温接近40摄氏度，法拉利最近的弱点可能会再次暴露，正如空气动力学主管马可·托迪在团队预览中所建议的那样。
Despite the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
尽管预计高温将接近40摄氏度，但正如空气动力学主管迭戈·托迪（Diego Tondi）在团队预览中所说，法拉利最近的弱点可能再次暴露。

#149.0:
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tost suggested in a team preview .
鉴于预测的高温接近40摄氏度，法拉利最近的弱点可能会再次暴露，正如空气动力学主管迭戈·托斯特在团队预览中所建议的那样。
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius , Ferrari ' s recent frailties would be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview .
鉴于预测的高温接近40摄氏度，法拉利最近的弱点将再次暴露，正如空气动力学主管迭戈·托迪在团队预览中所建议的那样。

#150.0:
In such conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson forged a connection with his team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .
在这样的条件下，远离了日常生活中的技术和问题，杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔向导以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
Under such conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson forged a connection with his team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .
在这样的条件下，从日常生活中混乱的技术和问题中解脱出来，杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔向导以及周围的山脉建立了联系。

#152.0:
In such conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson developed a connection with his team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .
在这样的条件下，从日常生活中混乱的技术和问题中解脱出来，杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔向导以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions , removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life , Jackson forged a connection with her team , their Nepali guides , and the surrounding mountains .
在这样的条件下，远离了困扰日常生活的技术和问题，杰克逊与她的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。

#154.0:
But that was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
但这是一场德国在本周末可能仍会感受到的战斗，而法国的球员们可能仍在纳闷，他们如何不与英格兰交手。
Clearly this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
很明显，这是一场德国在本周末可能仍会感受到的战斗，而法国的球员们可能仍在纳闷，他们如何不与英格兰交手。

#155.0:
So this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
因此，德国在本周末可能仍会感受到这场战斗，而法国的球员们可能仍在纳闷，他们是如何与英格兰交手的。
And this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
这是一场德国在本周末可能仍会感受到的战斗，而法国的球员们可能仍在想，他们是如何与英格兰交手的。

#156.0:
" Running , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .
例如，跑步，你的思维可以去任何地方，你仍然可以跑得很快。
" Now , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .
例如，现在你的大脑可以去任何地方，你仍然可以跑得很快。

#158.0:
" Well , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run quite quickly .
例如，你的大脑可以去任何地方，你仍然可以跑得很快。
" Running , for example , it ' s like your mind can go anywhere and you can still run very quickly .
例如，跑步，你的思维可以去任何地方，你仍然可以跑得很快。

#160.0:
" I qualified as Ghana ' s first skeleton Olympian , and the first black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games , both in the world as well as for Africa , " Frimpong told CNN .
Frimpong告诉CNN：“我是加纳第一位骷髅奥林匹克运动员，也是历史上第一位参加奥运会的黑人男性骷髅运动员，无论是在世界上还是在非洲。”。
" I qualified as Africa ' s first skeleton Olympian , and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games , both in the world as well as for Africa , " Frimpong told CNN .
Frimpong告诉CNN：“我在奥运会上获得了非洲第一位骷髅奥林匹克运动员的资格，也是历史上第一位黑人男性骷髅运动员，无论是在世界上还是在非洲。”。

#164.0:
Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players would not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition following Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .
本月早些时候，温网组织者宣布，在俄罗斯入侵乌克兰之后，俄罗斯和白俄罗斯选手将不被允许参加今年的温网比赛。
Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year ' s edition due Russia ' s invasion of Ukraine .
本月早些时候，温布尔登的组织者宣布，由于俄罗斯入侵乌克兰，俄罗斯和白俄罗斯选手将不被允许参加今年的温布尔顿冬奥会。

#169.0:
One UFC fighter , Jeff Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas .
一名UFC拳手杰夫·格林在拉斯维加斯击败艾伦·帕特里克后情绪激动得什么都想不起来。
One notable fighter , Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas .
一位著名的拳手鲍比·格林（Bobby Green）在拉斯维加斯击败艾伦·帕特里克后情绪激动得什么都想不起来。

#170.0:
One UFC fighter , Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Mike Patrick in Las Vegas .
一名UFC拳手博比·格林在拉斯维加斯击败迈克·帕特里克后情绪激动得什么都想不起来。
One UFC competitor , Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas .
UFC的一位竞争对手鲍比·格林在拉斯维加斯击败艾伦·帕特里克后情绪激动得什么都想不起来。

#176.0:
When the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead .
当比赛重新开始时，红牛车手马克斯·弗斯塔彭和塞尔吉奥·佩雷斯的赛车受到损坏，并放弃了优先顺序，从而使法拉利的赛恩斯和查尔斯·莱克莱尔取得了强劲的领先。
After the race restarted , Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari ' s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a clear lead .
比赛重新开始后，红牛车手Max Verstappen和Sergio Perez的赛车受到损坏，并放弃了优先顺序，使法拉利车队的Sainz和Charles Leclerc取得了明显的领先。

#177.0:
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
周的车在赛道上打滑，然后翻过轮胎护栏，然后撞到围栏上。
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing through the fence .
周的车在赛道上上打滑，然后翻过轮胎护栏，然后冲出围栏。

#181.0:
Those figures have been disputed , while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets is " utter nonsense " and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs .
这些数字一直存在争议，而英国立法委员伊恩·伯恩（Ian Byrne）表示，将人群和延误归咎于假票“完全是胡说八道”，是法国当局和欧足联试图掩盖他们的事实。
Those figures have been disputed , and UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets was " utter nonsense " and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs .
这些数字一直存在争议，英国立法者伊恩·伯恩说，将人群和延误归咎于假票是“完全胡说八道”，是法国当局和欧足联试图掩盖他们的事实。

#184.0:
Years later , family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die .
几年后，家人得知瓦希德和哈比卜在绞刑架附近的一间牢房里，他们听到他们的兄弟死了。
Sometime later , family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die .
一段时间后，家人得知瓦希德和哈比卜在绞刑架附近的一间牢房里，他们在那里听到了他们兄弟的死讯。

#188.0:
This , he said , is often an issue when it comes to reporting issues like sexual abuse and murder .
他说，在报道性虐待和谋杀等问题时，这往往是一个问题。
This , she said , is often an issue when it comes to reporting issues like sexual abuse and rape .
她说，在报道性虐待和强奸等问题时，这往往是一个问题。

#189.0:
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
赛恩斯一开始很好地阻止了弗斯塔彭，但红牛车手很快就超越了他，并取得了大家熟悉的领先。
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver quickly overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
赛恩斯一开始很好地阻挡了弗斯塔彭，但红牛车手很快超越了他，并以熟悉的领先优势领先。

#190.0:
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver eventually overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
赛恩斯起初很好地阻挡了弗斯塔彭，但红牛车手最终超越了他，并以熟悉的领先优势领先。
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into the familiar lead .
赛恩斯起初很好地阻止了弗斯塔彭，但红牛车手很快就超越了他，并取得了大家熟悉的领先。

#191.0:
Sainz then did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
赛恩斯随后很好地阻止了维斯塔彭，但红牛车手很快超越了他，并以熟悉的领先优势领先。
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen up but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into a familiar lead .
赛恩斯一开始很好地挡住了弗斯塔彭，但红牛车手很快就超越了他，并取得了大家熟悉的领先。

#193.0:
Despite the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
尽管有拉纳、布莱恩和家人的支持，扎克·贝茨觉得没有什么是不可能的。
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Jake Bates .
在拉娜、布莱恩和家人的支持下，杰克·贝茨觉得没有什么是不可能的。

#197.0:
I do n ' t know of any other Black medalists except for those four countries , " Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport .
除了这四个国家，我不知道还有其他黑人获得奖牌，”奥运历史学家比尔·马隆告诉CNN体育频道。
I do n ' t know of any other Black medalists except for those three countries , " Olympic historian Bill Sanderson told CNN Sport .
除了这三个国家，我不知道还有其他黑人获得奖牌，”奥运历史学家比尔·桑德森告诉CNN体育频道。

#200.0:
She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1994 to 1997 .
她在1994年至1997年间执教国家队，成为中国跳水运动的领头羊。
She went on to spearhead China ' s dominance in diving , coaching the national team from 1990 to 1995 .
她在1990年至1995年间执教国家队，成为中国跳水运动的领头羊。

#201.0:
" We should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
“我们不应该把必须获得游戏许可的责任推给个人，尤其是孩子，这是马里兰州规则中非常重要的一个因素。
" It should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
“这不应该让个人，尤其是孩子们，有责任获得玩的许可，这是马里兰州规则的一个非常重要的因素。

#202.0:
" I should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
“我不应该把必须获得游戏许可的责任推给个人，尤其是孩子，这是马里兰州规则中非常重要的一个因素。
" This should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
“这不应该让个人，尤其是孩子们，有责任获得玩的许可，这是马里兰州规则的一个非常重要的因素。

#203.0:
" We should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play but that ' s a really important element of this Maryland rule .
“我们不应该让个人，尤其是孩子们，承担必须获得游戏许可的责任，但这是马里兰规则的一个非常重要的因素。
" We should n ' t put the onus on individuals , and especially on kids , to have to get permission to play and that ' s a very important element of this Maryland rule .
“我们不应该把必须获得游戏许可的责任推给个人，尤其是孩子，这是马里兰规则的一个非常重要的因素。

#206.0:
Afkari was one of at least 268 people who were executed in Iran in 2020 .
阿夫卡里是2020年在伊朗被处决的至少268人之一。
Afkari was one of at least 267 people who were executed in Iran by 2020 .
到2020年，伊朗至少有267人被处决，阿夫卡里是其中之一。

#208.0:
And since then , he has been tough line , doing a lot of violence , " said Poulin .
从那以后，他一直采取强硬路线，经常使用暴力，”普林说。
And since then , he has been tough line , using a lot of violence , " added Poulin .
从那以后，他一直采取强硬路线，使用了大量暴力，”普林补充道。

#209.0:
But since then , he has been tough line , using a lot of violence , " said Poulin .
但从那以后，他一直采取强硬路线，使用了大量暴力，”普林说。
And since then , he has been tough line , using a lot of violence , " said Moulin .
从那以后，他一直采取强硬路线，使用了大量暴力，”Moulin说。

#210.0:
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
她说：“有相当一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直试图保持体重很低，看起来很瘦，就像杂志封面上的这些女性一样。”。
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight very low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
“有很长一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直试图保持体重很低，看起来很瘦，就像杂志封面上的这些女性一样，”她说。

#211.0:
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight too low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
她说：“有相当一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直试图保持体重过低，不让自己看起来像杂志封面上的这些女性一样瘦。”。
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to get my weight really low , to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
她说：“有相当一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直试图让自己的体重降得很低，看起来很瘦，就像杂志封面上的这些女性一样。”。

#212.0:
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low , to appear skinny , like the women are on magazine covers , " she says .
她说：“有相当一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直试图保持体重很低，看起来很瘦，就像杂志封面上的女性一样。”。
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low , to look skinny , like these women are on magazine covers , " she says .
“有很长一段时间，我一直在与饮食失调作斗争，因为我一直在努力保持体重很低，看起来很瘦，就像杂志封面上的这些女性一样，”她说。

#215.0:
However , some members of the diving community see Zhou ' s actions at the Olympics as a flashpoint amid a wider pattern of conduct they believe is harmful to the sport .
然而，一些跳水界人士将周在奥运会上的行为视为他们认为对这项运动有害的更广泛行为模式中的一个闪点。
However , some members of the diving community view Zhou ' s actions at the Olympics as a flashpoint amid a broader pattern of conduct they believe is harmful to the sport .
然而，跳水界的一些成员认为周在奥运会上的行为是他们认为对这项运动有害的更广泛行为模式中的一个闪点。

#217.0:
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Candidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
边锋德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺和坎迪亚图·迪亚尼尤其对德国队迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a challenge to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
边锋德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺和卡迪迪亚托·迪亚尼尤其对德国队迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了挑战。

#218.0:
Wing halves Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
边路中场德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺和卡迪迪亚托·迪亚尼尤其对德国队迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s by far unbeatable back line .
边锋德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺和卡迪迪亚托·迪亚尼尤其对德国队目前无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。

#219.0:
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar .
当科迪·辛普森在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑台后面时，这种体验感觉是全新的，但也非常熟悉。
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks in his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt completely new but also strangely familiar .
当科迪·辛普森在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑台后面时，这种经历感觉全新，但也陌生地熟悉。

#220.0:
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt completely new but also oddly familiar .
当科迪·辛普森在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑台后面时，这种体验感觉是全新的，但也非常熟悉。
As Cody Simpson stood behind the starting blocks at his first Olympic swimming trials last year , the experience felt very new but also strangely familiar .
当科迪·辛普森在去年的第一次奥运会游泳选拔赛中站在起跑台后面时，这种经历感觉非常新鲜，但也非常熟悉。

#225.0:
That ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many .
尽管来自一个跳水运动规模小、障碍多的国家，但情况依然如此。
It ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many .
尽管它来自一个跳水运动规模小、障碍多的国家。

#227.0:
That ' s despite coming from a country where the field of diving is small and the obstacles are many .
尽管来自一个跳水场地小、障碍多的国家，但情况依然如此。
That ' s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are high .
尽管来自一个跳水运动规模小、障碍物多的国家，但情况依然如此。

#231.0:
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .
随着沮丧的德国队开始犯错，法国队的机会越来越大。
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side started to make mistakes .
当一支沮丧的德国队开始犯错时，法国队的机会越来越大。

#232.0:
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side continued to make mistakes .
现在法国队的机会越来越大，因为受挫的德国队继续犯错。
But chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .
但现在，法国的机会越来越大，因为受挫的德国队开始犯错。

#233.0:
The chances were now running thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .
现在，法国的机会越来越大，因为受挫的德国队开始犯错。
The results were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes .
现在，法国队的成绩越来越糟糕，因为受挫的德国队开始犯错。

#234.0:
Although his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然他的弟弟在很小的时候就是“家里主要的运动家”，但奥巴乔是一个非常重视体育运动的人，他从中获得了职业生涯。
Although her brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然她的弟弟在很小的时候就是“家里主要的运动家”，但奥巴乔是一个非常重视体育运动的人，能够从中获得职业生涯。

#235.0:
Though his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然他的弟弟在很小的时候就是“家里主要的运动家”，但奥巴乔是一个认真对待体育运动并以此为职业的人。
While his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然他的弟弟在很小的时候就是“家里主要的体育人”，但奥巴乔是一个认真对待体育运动的人，从中获得职业生涯。

#236.0:
Although his brother was the " main sports guy in the family " from a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然他的弟弟从小就是“家里主要的运动家”，但奥巴乔是一个认真对待体育运动并以此为职业的人。
Although his brother is the " main sports guy in the family " at a young age , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it .
虽然他的弟弟在很小的时候就是“家里主要的运动家”，但奥巴乔是一个非常重视体育运动的人，可以从中获得职业生涯。

#238.0:
Lawrence Croll , the executive chairman of Aston Martin , added : " I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁公司执行主席劳伦斯·克罗尔补充道：“我要衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。
Lawrence Stroll , the executive chairman of Aston Martin , added : " I want to thank Sebastian at the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁公司执行主席劳伦斯·斯沃德补充道：“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。

#239.0:
Lawrence Stroll , the executive chairman of Aston Martin , added : " I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the wonderful work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁公司执行主席劳伦斯·斯沃德补充道：“我要衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的出色工作。
Peter Stroll , the executive chairman of Aston Martin , added : " I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁公司执行主席彼得·斯沃德补充道：“我要衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。

#245.0:
" For every citizen of Ukraine , she must look like that best country in the world , the most beautiful and the most loved .
“对于每一位乌克兰公民来说，她必须看起来像世界上最好的国家，最美丽，最受爱。
" For every citizen of Ukraine , you will look like that best country in the world , the most beautiful and the most loved .
“对每一位乌克兰公民来说，你都将是世界上最好的国家，最美丽、最受爱的国家。

#247.0:
According to leading sports psychologist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are created through historic performance data .
根据著名运动心理学家西蒙·布伦迪什（Simon Brundish）的说法，这些特征是通过历史表现数据创造的。
According to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are created through historic performance analysis .
据著名体育科学家西蒙·布伦迪什（Simon Brundish）称，这些特征是通过历史表现分析创造的。

#248.0:
According to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are established through historic performance data .
据著名体育科学家西蒙·布伦迪什（Simon Brundish）称，这些特征是通过历史表现数据确定的。
According to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish , these characteristics are created by historic performance data .
据著名体育科学家西蒙·布伦迪什（Simon Brundish）称，这些特征是由历史表现数据创造的。

#251.0:
We do n ' t talk about the rivalry with England and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .
我们不谈论与英国和德国的竞争；我们想展示我们的实力，踢出我们最好的比赛。
We do n ' t talk about the rivalry between France and Germany ; we want to show how good we are and play our best game .
我们不谈论法国和德国之间的竞争；我们想展示我们的实力，踢出我们最好的比赛。

#252.0:
That we can look at them and hear what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .
我们可以看到他们，听到他们的梦想是什么，他们对生活的希望是什么。
That you can look at them and hear what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .
你可以看着他们，听到他们的梦想是什么，他们对生活的希望是什么。

#254.0:
That he can look at them and hear what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .
他可以看着他们，听到他们的梦想是什么，他们对生活的希望是什么。
That we can look at them and see what their dreams are , what their hopes are for their life .
我们可以看看他们，看看他们的梦想是什么，他们对生活的希望是什么。

#257.0:
For several months of the year , skeleton athletes can train in pushing the sled , he said .
他说，一年中有几个月，骨骼运动员可以训练推雪橇。
During six months of the year , skeleton athletes can train in pushing the sled , he said .
他说，在一年中的六个月里，骨骼运动员可以训练推雪橇。

#258.0:
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Buyalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的视频显示，在布亚尔斯基在本国粉丝面前庆祝后不久，一大群粉丝正在唱普京的名字。
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Opalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的视频显示，在奥帕尔斯基在本国粉丝面前庆祝后不久，一大群粉丝在唱普京的名字。

#259.0:
Photos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Buyalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的照片显示，在布亚尔斯基在本国粉丝面前庆祝后不久，一大群粉丝高唱普京的名字。
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Batalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的视频显示，在巴塔尔斯基在本国球迷面前庆祝后不久，一大群球迷高唱普京的名字。

#260.0:
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Stalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的视频显示，在斯大林斯基在本国粉丝面前庆祝后不久，一大群粉丝高唱普京的名字。
Videos shared online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin ' s name shortly after Galskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans .
网上分享的视频显示，在加尔斯基在本国球迷面前庆祝后不久，一大群歌迷高唱普京的名字。

#262.0:
I tried to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .
我试着变得坚强，但有时因为一切都很困难，因为你两次失去了家。
I want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of this , because you lost your home twice .
我想变得坚强，但有时因为这个很难，因为你两次失去了家。

#263.0:
I want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of it , because you lost your home twice .
我想变得坚强，但有时会因为它而变得困难，因为你两次失去了家。
You want to be strong , but sometimes is difficult because of everything , because you lost your home twice .
你想变得坚强，但有时会因为一切而变得困难，因为你两次失去了家。

#264.0:
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp , who says he has been closely following Germany ' s progress , said women ' s football as " exploded " in recent years .
利物浦主教练尤尔根·克洛普说，他一直在密切关注德国队的进步。他说，近年来，女子足球“爆炸式增长”。
Liverpool chairman Jurgen Klopp , who says he has been closely following Germany ' s progress , said women ' s football as " exploded " in recent years .
利物浦主席尤尔根·克洛普说，他一直在密切关注德国的进步。他说，近年来，女子足球“爆炸式增长”。

#266.0:
Liverpool manager Jupp Klopp , who says he has been closely following Germany ' s progress , said women ' s football as " exploded " in recent years .
利物浦主帅朱普·克洛普说，他一直在密切关注德国队的进步。他说，近年来，女子足球“爆炸式增长”。
Liverpool manager Jutta Klopp , who says he has been closely following Germany ' s progress , said women ' s football as " exploded " in recent years .
利物浦主帅尤塔·克洛普说，他一直在密切关注德国队的进步。他说，近年来，女足“爆炸式”发展。

#268.0:
Perhaps some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials , who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition .
也许赖特的一些安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她说，其他官员同意她在比赛中为运动员得分的方式。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials , whom she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition .
赖特得到了其他跳水官员的支持，这让她感到些许安慰。她说，其他跳水官员同意她在比赛中为运动员得分的方式。

#269.0:
Of great consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials , who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition .
赖特最大的安慰是她从其他跳水官员那里得到的支持，她说，他们同意她在比赛中为运动员得分的方式。
Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials , who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes at the competition .
赖特得到了其他跳水官员的支持，这让她感到些许安慰。她说，其他跳水官员同意她在比赛中为运动员得分的方式。

#270.0:
" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我突然被切断了资金，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这对英国的许多运动员来说太常见了。”。
" I was cut from funding quite abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我的资金突然被切断，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这在英国的许多运动员中太常见了。”。

#273.0:
While everyone knew Warholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然每个人都知道沃霍姆正在从伤病中恢复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森（Jakob Ingebrigtsen）却被寄予厚望。
While they knew Warholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然他们知道沃霍姆正在从伤病中康复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森（Jakob Ingebrigtsen）仍寄予厚望。

#274.0:
While many knew Warholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然许多人都知道沃霍姆正在从伤病中恢复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森（Jakob Ingebrigtsen）仍寄予厚望。
Although everyone knew Warholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然每个人都知道沃霍姆已经从伤病中康复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森仍寄予厚望。

#275.0:
While everyone knew Lundholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然每个人都知道伦德霍尔姆正在从伤病中恢复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森（Jakob Ingebrigtsen）却寄予了极大的希望。
While everyone knew Nordholm was coming back from injury , serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men ' s 1 , 500 m .
虽然每个人都知道诺德霍姆已经从伤病中康复，但奥运会男子1500米冠军雅各布·英格布里格森（Jakob Ingebrigtsen）仍寄予厚望。

#277.0:
Meanwhile , witnesses told local newspaper El Mundo that Real Madrid supporters were targeted by thieves and had their vehicles broken into at the match .
与此同时，目击者告诉当地报纸《世界报》，皇家马德里的支持者在比赛中被窃贼袭击，他们的车辆被闯入。
However , witnesses told Spanish newspaper El Mundo that Real Madrid supporters were targeted by thieves and had their vehicles broken into at the match .
然而，目击者告诉西班牙报纸《世界报》，皇家马德里的支持者在比赛中被窃贼袭击，他们的车辆被闯入。

#280.0:
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Friday .
克洛普在周五的新闻发布会上说：“我真的得说我喜欢女子足球，它非常出色。”。
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Monday .
克洛普在周一的新闻发布会上说：“我真的得说我喜欢女子足球，它很出色。”。

#281.0:
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said in a press conference on Thursday .
克洛普在周四的新闻发布会上说：“我真的得说我喜欢女子足球，它很出色。”。
" I really have to say I love women ' s football , it ' s outstanding , " Klopp said at a press conference on Tuesday .
克洛普在周二的新闻发布会上说：“我真的得说我喜欢女子足球，它非常出色。”。

#282.0:
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like LIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
两人还致力于通过LIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升弱势群体的地位。
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners with programs like LIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
两人还专注于通过LIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升贫困社区的人们。

#283.0:
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like RIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
两人还致力于通过RIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升弱势群体的地位。
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like SIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
两人还专注于通过SIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升弱势群体的地位。

#284.0:
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like LIV2Run which seeks to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities .
两人还致力于通过LIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升弱势群体的地位。
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next generation of South African runners through programs like LIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged backgrounds .
两人还致力于通过LIV2Run等项目培养下一代南非跑步者，该项目旨在帮助提升处于不利背景的人。

#289.0:
His group had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
他的小组一直在伊尔平周围分发援助物资，发现一些平民已经在地下室躲藏了近一个月，食物和水都很有限。
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for over a month with limited food and water .
他的团队一直在伊尔平周围分发援助物资，发现了在地下室藏了一个多月的平民，他们的食物和水都很有限。

#290.0:
His men had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a month with limited food and water .
他的手下一直在伊尔平周围分发援助物资，发现了一些平民，他们在地下室躲藏了将近一个月，食物和水都很有限。
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who had been hiding in basements for almost a year with limited food and water .
他的团队一直在Irpin周围分发援助物资，并发现了在地下室藏匿了近一年的平民，他们的食物和水都很有限。

#294.0:
Even Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments about her appearance .
就连卢米斯的队友们也很快插话对她的外貌进行了诋毁。
Even Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments regarding her appearance .
就连卢米斯的队友也很快插嘴，对她的外貌进行了诋毁。

#295.0:
Even Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments on her appearance .
就连卢米斯的队友也很快对她的外貌发表了贬损的评论。
Even Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging remarks about her appearance .
就连卢米斯的队友也很快插嘴，对她的外貌进行了诋毁。

#296.0:
Even Loomis ' teammates were far too quick to chime in with disparaging comments about her appearance .
就连卢米斯的队友也很快插嘴，对她的外貌进行了诋毁。
But Loomis ' teammates were all too quick to chime in with disparaging comments about her appearance .
但卢米斯的队友们都很快插话对她的外貌进行了诋毁。

#298.0:
" Viola Davis put it best , ' If you ' re darker than a paper bag , you ' re deemed not sexy .
维奥拉·戴维斯（Viola Davis）最贴切地说，“如果你的肤色比纸袋还黑，你就被认为不性感。”。
" Viola Davis says it best , ' If you ' re darker than a paper bag , you ' re deemed not sexy .
维奥拉·戴维斯（Viola Davis）说，如果你的肤色比纸袋还黑，你就被认为不性感。

